Amazingly good.......
Excellent application.  I like it. Very simple n good.
Wow
Awsme.nd vry easy..
Great app
Thank you Yahoo for your new and awesome app, you are the best , we always want new apps from you , still the best
V.good
Need to upgrade...
Perfect options....
Great app
Again I use my Yahoo! Mail
I like it.
very reliable rapid notification is clear geand one more
BEAUTIFUL
OK
Ok
Good APP with it you can access multiple accounts from Yahoo, with more facilities than the web, I recommend it.
Congratulations to the programmer.
Quick and practical.
It was time that was the will of yahoo mail for iOS, now you just need the yahoo answer on iOS!
Very top the app, practical and objective.
Great app! Loads e-mail faster than mail, easier to navigate between folders...
who would say, pleasantly surprised.
Fast and practical.
This new version was very good application. I recommend!
Not every network allows access to my emails through my iphone mailbox.  This is the perfect app that I have been waiting for. I can always access my yahoo mail easily without any restrictions on networks that I am connecting to.
This app is great. I just wish it had an option for VIP mail alerts like the iPhone mail app. If it did, I would give it 5 stars.
I think it is great
Like it -makes it easier to access my mail
I like it. Does what I need it to.
I think think this app..is really great even though its Not an iPhone! It works great on the wifi !
This app is great but please make it so i can use multiple accounts like the default mail app
Yahoo is number one....there work professional team .
Just downloaded this app a few days ago and I am enjoying it.
I like it it is awesome.
This is a great app.  Love the functionality.  Couldnt log-in on LTE, needed wifi.  Overall great!
No problems whatsoever.
This app is awestruck! It really helped me keep up to date with my email!
I like the yahoo mail app. The only problem I have is that all my folders in my inbox is in doubles-please fix it. Other than that its great to use.
Its great
No issue and I love it
I love it.
I love the setting and its simple.
Very smooth beautiful UI I love this app personally
I thanks it work better now,
I like it, you can add photos and the layout is pretty
Nothing to say, just spectacular
Its a real mail can do anything
like to hope that more and more advantage of future upgrades
love this APP！💘
like oh
perfects
yahoo will make a comeback
I like it. Its very good app for email.
Give you five
is indeed my favorite mailbox. 
I love it
Year
App Yahoo Mail uses really easy
OK
I love it
The app is good, but I think it would be better if you could also link two accounts with the app.
Its a good app because its so simple to use
How can I access my contacts
This nicely App
no good, you can not attach files
Its great and I love to practice
Application I was looking for. Minus one star, because I can not access to attached files.
Very proper application pity that I can not multiple accounts.
Impeccable
Thank you.
Nice improvement vs. previous versions! However, still need threading, VIP options etc.
Nothing to add.
Very practical.
These cool because it avoids taking the option mail
Like creating new folders, log-in and fast switch between multiple accounts.
As subject
Extra
Its will be great if support multiple account.
This app is so usefull and its so easy to use and very very light to open mail content, manage , erase multyple and so. Thank u yahoo
Cannot add field name just showed mail address instead. Otherwise, great application...
Please make an option to back view list mail after deleting some mail..
great...but there is no room for user to customize own.
nicee apps..keep up the good work team
Love it
Great to use! I like
Quite a surprise from Yahoo, who seem to have ignored the iOS for quite a while. This is a super clean, fast and easy to use application, and I think one of the better third party web mail apps out there for iPhone.
Stable, good speed and view of content and browsing.
The new mail app is very fast and smooth.
good work but i cant see yahoo chat in my messenger. any idea???
Finally Yahoo Mail App Great Work!
