..... Superb!!
Awesome app!!!
Great interface. Cool feel.
Best mail app
Thanks for this gr8 app. Yahoo was my first mail and so important in the life. With this app, it is getting again its importance..
It is v.Nice
Lovely app!!
Great app
Easy, cool and friendly.. The only issue I have with it is that I dont get notifications when I recieve an email to a folder other than Inbox.. The rest is great..
Awesome!!!
Awesome!
Im lovn it!!! 😎👍
Love you yahoo! U are my first love .. Bring all the glory back ! Great app...!!!!
Nice!!!!!!!!!
Great app
Again I use my Yahoo! Mail
Looks much better than apple app.
I think it is very useful when u want to look at ur e-mail
I like it.
Recommendable!
very reliable rapid notification is clear geand one more
BEAUTIFUL
Awesome
Very good this app, much better than the application of native email on the iPhone.
App pleasant and quick!
This app has definitely surprised me. Loads email very quick and it looks good!
Great app! Loads e-mail faster than mail, easier to navigate between folders...
who would say, pleasantly surprised.
First app I feel an obligation to evaluate and give 5 stars ...!
This new version was very good application. I recommend!
Not every network allows access to my emails through my iphone mailbox.  This is the perfect app that I have been waiting for. I can always access my yahoo mail easily without any restrictions on networks that I am connecting to.
This app is great. I just wish it had an option for VIP mail alerts like the iPhone mail app. If it did, I would give it 5 stars.
I think it is great
Like it -makes it easier to access my mail
I like it. Does what I need it to.
Excellent mail app. Best Ive seen.
I think think this app..is really great even though its Not an iPhone! It works great on the wifi !
Works great!
It took too long but worth it! I love the app, life saver
This app is great but please make it so i can use multiple accounts like the default mail app
Great app.!
Its the best! But I wait to see best version of the best!
I have used other mail apps but thus one is by far the best.
I like it it is awesome.
This is a great app.  Love the functionality.  Couldnt log-in on LTE, needed wifi.  Overall great!
This app is awestruck! It really helped me keep up to date with my email!
Good alternate app when corporate mail restriction in place.
I like the yahoo mail app. The only problem I have is that all my folders in my inbox is in doubles-please fix it. Other than that its great to use.
It works great!
Better than before
Its great
No issue and I love it
I love it.
Like it, long time was waiting for such app.
...at least so far. I was having a lot of problems with Yahoo Mail in Safari, and havent yet experienced them with this app.
Complete
I love the setting and its simple.
great app try it its worth it
Very smooth beautiful UI I love this app personally
So far Im loving this app its much more cooperative than the mail ap that came on my cell originally and I have not had any problems with the services.
Yahoo mail is the best email version I ever used better than others!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I thanks it work better now,
Better
I like it, you can add photos and the layout is pretty
Simply great
Its a real mail can do anything
like to hope that more and more advantage of future upgrades
love this APP！💘
This app is fantastic!
like oh
great! 
I like it. Its very good app for email.
is indeed my favorite mailbox. 
I love it
is good, we must support Yahoo! 
App Yahoo Mail uses really easy
I love it
Saves a lot of time
The best way for the emails on the phone
How can I access my contacts
This nicely App
This app works perfectly
Its great and I love to practice
Funciona.muy it is total
worth
Full of functionality!
Go faster, much better than access through the website.
Perfectly opens and messages instant alert to inbox is awesome !!!
Very good application, ergonomic and beautiful, everything is there!
It is in English,
Application I was looking for. Minus one star, because I can not access to attached files.
The best
These cool because it avoids taking the option mail
Really great app for yahoo mail !!!
good looks will see the operation and will kratiso bravo good app!!!!!!!!!
5 Star!
fierce YES OK I A / C Lock Zo into complete information, the pop-up has been unlocked, then login, turned around and went to the first error point to know and bounced back msg, A / C Lock Zo. 
Like creating new folders, log-in and fast switch between multiple accounts.
than before, better and faster, clear easy to use! 
than the Gmail app easy to use, but the fly in the ointment is only one account can log in, and hope that the next version supports multi-account login. 
More better then icloud
Good! mail
Nice Apps but cant download any attachment and edit forward any email
Ready to try
Its good but I cant download mail with pic attachments. Pls fix it.. Pleaseeee.. Thank you so much :)
Great app. Easy to get around, attractive design
Love it
At last! This app has saved me time and made tapping easier
Its works brilliantly and is good
Great app! Its classy looking, it is easy to get to different folders and it is purple!!!! Great job!
Great to use! I like
Love it works well in Israel!!!!!
like!!
Best GUI...
Been using google gmail for a long, installed yahoo mail app to try. surprisingly yahoo app is more refreshing than gmail ;)
Finally Yahoo Mail App Great Work!
