I think it is great
Like it -makes it easier to access my mail
Hello, can you add a support for more than one Yahoo! Account I have my self 3 that I want to use here
I like it. Does what I need it to.
Good enough. Not many bells or whistles but it works
Excellent mail app. Best Ive seen.
I think think this app..is really great even though its Not an iPhone! It works great on the wifi !
Works great!
The app doesnt let you to choose different notification sound and the one that developers chose is very annoying and confusing.
It took too long but worth it! I love the app, life saver
Didnt use it much because it only handles one email account at a time, and I have two.
I still cant get it to work. All I wanted was to mark some mail as spam, but now Im in an even worse position than before.
Does not have yahoo calendar.
This app is great but please make it so i can use multiple accounts like the default mail app
Spam filtering is very lacking! It does not work very well. Shame Yahoo.
This was long overdue. Downloaded it today and so far so good. No issues. Quite good interface.
Yahoo is number one....there work professional team .
Keeps crashing all the time
Great app.!
Very basic features that rarely work!
With web we easily access the calendar. With this apps the calendar is missing from the apps list.
Does the job
Just downloaded this app a few days ago and I am enjoying it.
Its the best! But I wait to see best version of the best!
Hmmm. So far not pleased with this app. "Failed to download message" is becoming a frequent notice.
I have used other mail apps but thus one is by far the best.
I like it it is awesome.
This is a great app.  Love the functionality.  Couldnt log-in on LTE, needed wifi.  Overall great!
No problems whatsoever.
This app is awestruck! It really helped me keep up to date with my email!
Good alternate app when corporate mail restriction in place.
I like the yahoo mail app. The only problem I have is that all my folders in my inbox is in doubles-please fix it. Other than that its great to use.
It works great!
Better than before
Its great
I wish the app would allow more than one yahoo mail to be set up on it. I have multiple yahoo mail accounts for different purposes. I wish I could manage them all in this app.
A zero rating for me cant seem to get into my business account which is what I use. Have use the web browser to do it.
No issue and I love it
I love it.
Dont like how it goes one way chronologically so if I mark one as unread, then delete the next one, it will then take me back to the unread one and I have to mark it as unread every time if I want that label to stay. Doesnt feel very intuitive.
This app wont even open for me.  It works intermittently.  Im removing it!
Good for iphone. Useless for ipad. Get on your horses.
Very good App for checking yahoo email
Crashes (exits) immediately after start up, very unreliable. Yahoo!..very disappointing.
Like it, long time was waiting for such app.
Log on needs a remember me button not just go to my email right away. I like having the option to put it in or not.
Now it is perfect
Finally an app for Yahoo! Mail. Hopefully in your next update we can have it optimized for the iPad and support for multiple IDs
I have to email add from yahoo but I can only view one account.
Function-wise the app works well. I  able to organize my mail simply.  However, startup time until I actually see my listing of mail has greatly increased. I see the purple yahoo splash screen for at least 7 secs. Used to be 1 or 2.
I loaded this app to hopefully be able to mark certain emails as "not spam" so they would come to my inbox. No such luck. Please put that feature on here.
I wish they had an option for remembering the user name, all we need to type is just the password only.
After installing this app, someone hacked into my account and sent a bunch of emails to my contacts. I dont even know what was sent... Im so mad!!! Had to change everything!!! Dont install!!!
crashes whenever I try to reply to an email. makes email font tiny. the other things LOOK good though.
it would be perfect if the log in section has "remember me" options
...at least so far. I was having a lot of problems with Yahoo Mail in Safari, and havent yet experienced them with this app.
Excellent
Was excited about this app as I have not been able to access my yahoo mail for 2 months on my iPhone 5. However quite disappointed as I keep getting the "Authentication Failed" error message. Any solutions?
Complete
I love the setting and its simple.
Only printer is not easy
great app try it its worth it
Very smooth beautiful UI I love this app personally
Really something u should come up wid  earlier
Was great initially but now it wont open. It crashes all the time. Please fix the bugs!!!
Incorrect refreshed content
The app looks nice, but Im now stuck in "All Contacts" and theres no way to escape and get back to my mailboxes. Ill uninstall and reinstall, but still - not a great first impression.
Would give zero stars if I could. Doesnt work ... Keeps showing incorrect number of emails unread and sporadically will not show current emails ... Basic stuff and they cant get it working - no wonder yahoo is a shadow of its former self
Better then just having it as a mail but refreshing itself is not good
So far Im loving this app its much more cooperative than the mail ap that came on my cell originally and I have not had any problems with the services.
Yahoo mail is the best email version I ever used better than others!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nice :)
Its not password protected, and you cannot sign up more than one account.
Does not bring anything more on my iphone !!!!
I thanks it work better now,
Better
Still dont know how to add a second Yahoo account. Support team at Yahoo do not even know about the app. Well done!
I like it, you can add photos and the layout is pretty
While app itself looks neat, it crashes all the time. I hope bugs will be fixed soon as if not i will probably choose to delete the app altogether from my phone.
UI good. Unfortunately all custom folders were duplicated.
quite useful
Just kick option for unread emails
Simply great
Nothing to say, just spectacular
Having trouble with mailbox deleted emails
Its a real mail can do anything
like to hope that more and more advantage of future upgrades
Clear Deleted Items "will get stuck and then flash back to need secondary open the delete to succeed. 
This App cannot add attached file as PC version , only can add photo annex, hope can upgrade it.
love this APP！💘
Useful
nice!
very good, and very convenient
This app is fantastic!
This thing is rubbish. It crashes a lot. And cant send messages to save its life. Please take it from me, if you just installed ios6, dont bother downloading this thing.
trial find it very convenient
very satisfied! 
like oh
perfects
yahoo will make a comeback