Excellent
Excellent
Excellent!
..... Superb!!
Amazingly good.......
I will use this app when there is option for multiple account - sorry
Simply suberb
Excellent application.  I like it. Very simple n good.
Nice apps and good move for yahoo
Wow
Use to use and clean interface
Awsme.nd vry easy..
nice App
Useful
Awesome app!!!
Great interface. Cool feel.
Very great app,only one suggestion:i cant add folder in the email
Best mail app
Perfect app
Thanks for this gr8 app. Yahoo was my first mail and so important in the life. With this app, it is getting again its importance..
It is v.Nice
Lovely app!!
Great app
Fantastic
Excellent
Its a bliss to use yahoomail on iPhone &amp; iPad.
Easy, cool and friendly.. The only issue I have with it is that I dont get notifications when I recieve an email to a folder other than Inbox.. The rest is great..
So Cute
Awesome!!!
Nice
Awesome!
Very slow compared to iPhone mail app, and less handy
Thank you Yahoo for your new and awesome app, you are the best , we always want new apps from you , still the best
Im lovn it!!! 😎👍
Super star
Love you yahoo! U are my first love .. Bring all the glory back ! Great app...!!!!
V.good
Nice!!!!!!!!!
Need to upgrade...
Super Dooper
Very useful
Perfect options....
Good application
Crashed during send operation, after that I wasnt able to run app
Great app
Again I use my Yahoo! Mail
works very well
Quick and simple.
Looks much better than apple app.
There are still too many bugs! Omg!!
I think it is very useful when u want to look at ur e-mail
I like it.
Happy with it
Recommendable!
Good app
Irie :)
very reliable rapid notification is clear geand one more
BEAUTIFUL
OK
Ok
Awesome
Excellent app
Even exiting the application it is getting mens.
Very simple and easy to use ... I recommend!
Very useful and simple.
An excellent application of e-mail, easy, lightweight, intuitive and fast!
Good APP with it you can access multiple accounts from Yahoo, with more facilities than the web, I recommend it.
While there is no possibility to mark several mails at once, you can not evaluate as well ...
Fast and well structured!
Fast
Very good this app, much better than the application of native email on the iPhone.
Fast and well structured.
App pleasant and quick!
Congratulations to the programmer.
Quick and practical.
This app has definitely surprised me. Loads email very quick and it looks good!
Good app easy, intuitive, q penalty boxes are duplicated.
Very good, loved it.
Fast and very good
Efficient
It was time that was the will of yahoo mail for iOS, now you just need the yahoo answer on iOS!
User friendly. Can be faster to load.
Very top the app, practical and objective.
Well efficient and lightweight
Great app! Loads e-mail faster than mail, easier to navigate between folders...
Very Good
who would say, pleasantly surprised.
Fast and practical.
Great app, easy and very useful in everyday life.
First app I feel an obligation to evaluate and give 5 stars ...!
This new version was very good application. I recommend!
No iPad platform? Terrible.
This app is good. Better than most mail apps. But far inferior to the native iOS mail. I fail to see the need for this yahoo mail client. The native app benefits from iOS push notification, which are near instant as well as the notification center. It allows the user to see and access his custom folders and do almost everything he can from a PC browser.
Their needs to be a way to easily delete spam
Not every network allows access to my emails through my iphone mailbox.  This is the perfect app that I have been waiting for. I can always access my yahoo mail easily without any restrictions on networks that I am connecting to.
This app is great. I just wish it had an option for VIP mail alerts like the iPhone mail app. If it did, I would give it 5 stars.
Great app.  A very good start
I finally succumbed to incessant pressure to install the damned thing even though I did not ask for it or want it. And I hate when Yahoo blocks the bottom section of iPhone formatted articles so that it is impossible to view the desktop version. It is okay I guess...but I hate HATE being badgered to download stuff I do not ask for.
Quick and easy to use!
Thanks yahoo for this app finally u decided to have a great app. Easy, simple and fast.
I think it is great
Like it -makes it easier to access my mail
Hello, can you add a support for more than one Yahoo! Account I have my self 3 that I want to use here
I like it. Does what I need it to.
Good enough. Not many bells or whistles but it works
Excellent mail app. Best Ive seen.
I think think this app..is really great even though its Not an iPhone! It works great on the wifi !
Works great!
The app doesnt let you to choose different notification sound and the one that developers chose is very annoying and confusing.
It took too long but worth it! I love the app, life saver
Didnt use it much because it only handles one email account at a time, and I have two.
I still cant get it to work. All I wanted was to mark some mail as spam, but now Im in an even worse position than before.
Does not have yahoo calendar.
This app is great but please make it so i can use multiple accounts like the default mail app
Spam filtering is very lacking! It does not work very well. Shame Yahoo.
This was long overdue. Downloaded it today and so far so good. No issues. Quite good interface.
Yahoo is number one....there work professional team .
Keeps crashing all the time
Great app.!
Very basic features that rarely work!
With web we easily access the calendar. With this apps the calendar is missing from the apps list.
Does the job
Just downloaded this app a few days ago and I am enjoying it.
Its the best! But I wait to see best version of the best!
Hmmm. So far not pleased with this app. "Failed to download message" is becoming a frequent notice.
I have used other mail apps but thus one is by far the best.
I like it it is awesome.
This is a great app.  Love the functionality.  Couldnt log-in on LTE, needed wifi.  Overall great!
No problems whatsoever.
This app is awestruck! It really helped me keep up to date with my email!
Good alternate app when corporate mail restriction in place.
I like the yahoo mail app. The only problem I have is that all my folders in my inbox is in doubles-please fix it. Other than that its great to use.
It works great!
Better than before
Its great
I wish the app would allow more than one yahoo mail to be set up on it. I have multiple yahoo mail accounts for different purposes. I wish I could manage them all in this app.
A zero rating for me cant seem to get into my business account which is what I use. Have use the web browser to do it.
No issue and I love it
I love it.
Dont like how it goes one way chronologically so if I mark one as unread, then delete the next one, it will then take me back to the unread one and I have to mark it as unread every time if I want that label to stay. Doesnt feel very intuitive.
This app wont even open for me.  It works intermittently.  Im removing it!
Good for iphone. Useless for ipad. Get on your horses.
Very good App for checking yahoo email
Crashes (exits) immediately after start up, very unreliable. Yahoo!..very disappointing.
Like it, long time was waiting for such app.
Log on needs a remember me button not just go to my email right away. I like having the option to put it in or not.
Now it is perfect
Finally an app for Yahoo! Mail. Hopefully in your next update we can have it optimized for the iPad and support for multiple IDs
I have to email add from yahoo but I can only view one account.
Function-wise the app works well. I  able to organize my mail simply.  However, startup time until I actually see my listing of mail has greatly increased. I see the purple yahoo splash screen for at least 7 secs. Used to be 1 or 2.
I loaded this app to hopefully be able to mark certain emails as "not spam" so they would come to my inbox. No such luck. Please put that feature on here.
I wish they had an option for remembering the user name, all we need to type is just the password only.
After installing this app, someone hacked into my account and sent a bunch of emails to my contacts. I dont even know what was sent... Im so mad!!! Had to change everything!!! Dont install!!!
crashes whenever I try to reply to an email. makes email font tiny. the other things LOOK good though.
it would be perfect if the log in section has "remember me" options
...at least so far. I was having a lot of problems with Yahoo Mail in Safari, and havent yet experienced them with this app.
Excellent
Was excited about this app as I have not been able to access my yahoo mail for 2 months on my iPhone 5. However quite disappointed as I keep getting the "Authentication Failed" error message. Any solutions?
Complete
I love the setting and its simple.
Only printer is not easy
great app try it its worth it
Very smooth beautiful UI I love this app personally
Really something u should come up wid  earlier
Was great initially but now it wont open. It crashes all the time. Please fix the bugs!!!
Incorrect refreshed content
The app looks nice, but Im now stuck in "All Contacts" and theres no way to escape and get back to my mailboxes. Ill uninstall and reinstall, but still - not a great first impression.
Would give zero stars if I could. Doesnt work ... Keeps showing incorrect number of emails unread and sporadically will not show current emails ... Basic stuff and they cant get it working - no wonder yahoo is a shadow of its former self
Better then just having it as a mail but refreshing itself is not good
So far Im loving this app its much more cooperative than the mail ap that came on my cell originally and I have not had any problems with the services.
Yahoo mail is the best email version I ever used better than others!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Its not password protected, and you cannot sign up more than one account.
Does not bring anything more on my iphone !!!!
I thanks it work better now,
Better
Still dont know how to add a second Yahoo account. Support team at Yahoo do not even know about the app. Well done!
I like it, you can add photos and the layout is pretty
While app itself looks neat, it crashes all the time. I hope bugs will be fixed soon as if not i will probably choose to delete the app altogether from my phone.
UI good. Unfortunately all custom folders were duplicated.
quite useful
Just kick option for unread emails
Simply great
Nothing to say, just spectacular
Having trouble with mailbox deleted emails
Its a real mail can do anything
like to hope that more and more advantage of future upgrades
Clear Deleted Items "will get stuck and then flash back to need secondary open the delete to succeed. 
This App cannot add attached file as PC version , only can add photo annex, hope can upgrade it.
love this APP！💘
Useful
nice!
very good, and very convenient
This app is fantastic!
This thing is rubbish. It crashes a lot. And cant send messages to save its life. Please take it from me, if you just installed ios6, dont bother downloading this thing.
trial find it very convenient
very satisfied! 
like oh
perfects
yahoo will make a comeback
great! 
I like it. Its very good app for email.
Very fast &amp; convenient to use!!!
Give you five
is indeed my favorite mailbox. 
I love it
Year
is good, we must support Yahoo! 
good
very easy to use, convenient
App Yahoo Mail uses really easy
Super
There are problems opening attachments even though I have PDF applications for office
Very good, easy to use, practical.
excellent
The app closes after a few seconds
Excellent App
OK
Very good
It looks good
I love it
A mail app and not optimized for iPad! 😱👎
Amazing
It works very well
Gimme iPad!
why there is still the indicator present for new unopen mails although no new mails are there to read?
Super App. Missing only the photo attachments
Very good but only for an email with multiple email was better
Good
Saves a lot of time
Works and is easy to use.
The app is good, but I think it would be better if you could also link two accounts with the app.
Very slow app, yahoo could do it much better
Super good
Its a good app because its so simple to use
Excellent
Excellent application recommended
Thanks Yahoo
Excellent
Nice app and easy,fast :)
OIB folders are repeated in my inbox.
Very good app
The best way for the emails on the phone
How can I access my contacts
Great app and fast,easy
Many thanks
This nicely App
going well now I can delete all with one click the recommend very good app
It takes two days without working, not charging and closes automatically, but happens to someone?
very good
does the job
Fast
no good, you can not attach files
Recommended
Perfect
This app works perfectly
No search function
Its great and I love to practice
Funciona.muy it is total
worth
Full of functionality!
Go faster, much better than access through the website.
failure but have improved a lot with the design.
is for but Im using in ipad 3.
Very nice
Perfectly opens and messages instant alert to inbox is awesome !!!
Not bad at all!
Still not create disposable addresses on iOS ...
You can not select all the messages at once ...
I cannot access other folders than inbox, i guess this will be taken care of in the next version. :-)
Very good application, ergonomic and beautiful, everything is there!
A very good app, beautiful
Excellent
Unable to resolve
Easy to use, instant mail: perfect
Good luck
Good app self entrepreneur
can do better
It is in English,
Good app, easy to use.
Super apply:)
Too bad the app is correctly was singing until mid-December but since ca 15d becomes impossible.
Application I was looking for. Minus one star, because I can not access to attached files.
Tha app sometimes does not open! It does as it would, but crashes and does not open. Sometimes it opens after 3 or 4 tries, but sometimes not: you need then to deinstall and install it again in order it opens again. I use an iPhone 4 with iOS 6.0.1. This must be corrected asap, please.
shame that we can not write secondary addresses recorded in the yahoo
Very proper application pity that I can not multiple accounts.
The best
Impeccable
Very useful application, thanks we waiting for more.
Thank you.
Nice improvement vs. previous versions! However, still need threading, VIP options etc.
Big bug sometimes damage
Nothing to add.
Haste to have now is doing :)
Very practical.
These cool because it avoids taking the option mail
Impossible to protect access to the messaging code
Size not adapted to the screen size should be zoom and then everything becomes a blur!
All my files are split ... and my inbox shows 2 unread emails but they do not appear in the Inbox despite a refreshment ...
No access to the folders !!!!!
There should be  a way to delete all emails from spam and trash with one move instead of opening the folders, checking one email, then checking all emails and finally deleting them.
Does anyone know if there is a way to have 2 accounts permanently open yahoo mail?
Really great app for yahoo mail !!!
Its not a fast app , problem with checking!bud version!
Amazing
good looks will see the operation and will kratiso bravo good app!!!!!!!!!
Thanks
Practice!
Faster and smooth
Good one
is very stream 𣈱
5 Star!
fierce YES OK I A / C Lock Zo into complete information, the pop-up has been unlocked, then login, turned around and went to the first error point to know and bounced back msg, A / C Lock Zo. 
Good job
good to use, keep it up yahoo ;)
How can I multi login just like gmail?
I tried to set in iPhone that new mails should not give a sound. All incoming mails respond with a loud tune that it woke us up. I tried to restart iPhone and it did not help either. Please help .
Can use contact from phone contact only.
Like creating new folders, log-in and fast switch between multiple accounts.
Always can load into the apps!
than before, better and faster, clear easy to use! 
finally got this. v useful
than the Gmail app easy to use, but the fly in the ointment is only one account can log in, and hope that the next version supports multi-account login. 
More better then icloud
As subject
Good app
Good App
Excellent!
In the long and wonderous tradition of yahoo fails - this one tops the charts. App crashes at any opportunity - if it opens at all. I guess after all the years of agony the time has come to put yahoo mail out of its misery. Rest in peace.
Extra
Just could be better, I was expecting a lot more from Yahoo.
Very cool
Good, but can handle only one account
Nice app 😊
Please make it work on iOS 5, please...
Good! mail
Its will be great if support multiple account.
This app is so usefull and its so easy to use and very very light to open mail content, manage , erase multyple and so. Thank u yahoo
Cannot add field name just showed mail address instead. Otherwise, great application...
Nice Apps but cant download any attachment and edit forward any email
Please make an option to back view list mail after deleting some mail..
Very good appl.
add flagged folder please. And I suggest this app to follow gmail app.
Ready to try
Need multi account support m threaded view please.. Im waiting..
great...but there is no room for user to customize own.
This app is good but not support multiple account, please update
Its good but I cant dowload mail with pic attachments. Pls fix it.. Pleaseeee.. Thank you so much :)
nicee apps..keep up the good work team
I find ive no problems what so ever with the app.
Sometimes it says I have a new email but doesnt show even after logging out many times.
App doesnt seem to refresh external mail as can be done on web version. Renders the app useless to anyone using yahoo mail with external email account
the apps are nice, i think they should have allow 2 or more yahoo account in one apps, thats really nice...
Great app. Easy to get around, attractive design
The iPhone would have a brilliant and clean mail app. Why should I want to use an app with ads and a bad user experience instead? And why did this app get directly 5 times 5 stars? Hmm 🙊
Very handy when it works, but it freezes up every time you open the menu tab, only solution is to delete app and reinstall.
Love it
If there was a minus 5 stars thats how bad I would rate this
At last! This app has saved me time and made tapping easier
This app worked quite well initially. It has a very nice interface and integrates seamlessly with yahoo webmail, without the annoyances of marking emails as read etc that comes with the native app. After a few weeks use, it is constantly crashing, which I presume is a memory issue. Needs a fix to continue using it. (3GS IOS 6.0.1).
Its works brilliantly and is good
Great app! Its classy looking, it is easy to get to different folders and it is purple!!!! Great job!
Regular and ongoing issues with crashing and app stability... I think Ill come back when bugs have been fixes.
Finally .. Its an amazing app
Finally a great app to manage Yahoo! Email and replace the native app.
Great to use! I like
Quite a surprise from Yahoo, who seem to have ignored the iOS for quite a while. This is a super clean, fast and easy to use application, and I think one of the better third party web mail apps out there for iPhone.
Not to bad at all pointless haven a mail app on the phone now with this
Nice app
Stable, good speed and view of content and browsing.
Excellent. Very easy to use. No need to log in through computer.
Love it works well in Israel!!!!!
we miss the ability to delete or create new folder and its not good
rar file when attached, cant be opened from the app.
Good
So many apps now are universal for iPad too. Why cant this app  support it as well?
Easy and nice for the user
Guys, without support for business mail it is worth NOTHING. Got it?
like!!
Very good
Best GUI...
The new mail app is very fast and smooth.
From a company like Yahoo, this is unacceptable. Otherwise its a very decent app no doubt .
I downloaded, logged in, deleted a few mails and logged off. After sometime, I got a new mail notification. I dont want to be bugged when logged off.
Thought it will support yahoo business mail but does not making the app useless clutter.
good work but i cant see yahoo chat in my messenger. any idea???
Excellent app. Fast, fluid and very simple.
Been using google gmail for a long, installed yahoo mail app to try. surprisingly yahoo app is more refreshing than gmail ;)
Finally Yahoo Mail App Great Work!