Excellent
Excellent
Excellent!
..... Superb!!
Amazingly good.......
I will use this app when there is option for multiple account - sorry
Simply suberb
Excellent application.  I like it. Very simple n good.
Nice apps and good move for yahoo
Wow
Use to use and clean interface
Awsme.nd vry easy..
nice App
Useful

Awesome app!!!
Great interface. Cool feel.
Very great app,only one suggestion:i cant add folder in the email
Best mail app
Perfect app
Thanks for this gr8 app. Yahoo was my first mail and so important in the life. With this app, it is getting again its importance..
It is v.Nice
Lovely app!!
Great app
Fantastic
Excellent
Its a bliss to use yahoomail on iPhone &amp; iPad.
Easy, cool and friendly.. The only issue I have with it is that I dont get notifications when I recieve an email to a folder other than Inbox.. The rest is great..
So Cute
Awesome!!!
Nice
Awesome!
Very slow compared to iPhone mail app, and less handy
Thank you Yahoo for your new and awesome app, you are the best , we always want new apps from you , still the best
Im lovn it!!! 😎👍
Super star
Love you yahoo! U are my first love .. Bring all the glory back ! Great app...!!!!
V.good
Nice!!!!!!!!!
Need to upgrade...
Super Dooper
Very useful
Perfect options....
Good application
Crashed during send operation, after that I wasnt able to run app
Great app
Again I use my Yahoo! Mail
works very well
Quick and simple.
Looks much better than apple app.
There are still too many bugs! Omg!!
I think it is very useful when u want to look at ur e-mail


I like it.

Happy with it
Recommendable!
Good app
Irie :)
very reliable rapid notification is clear geand one more
BEAUTIFUL
OK
Ok
Awesome
Excellent app
Even exiting the application it is getting mens.
Very simple and easy to use ... I recommend! "
Very useful and simple.
An excellent application of e-mail, easy, lightweight, intuitive and fast!
Bom
Good APP with it you can access multiple accounts from Yahoo, with more facilities than the web, I recommend it.
While there is no possibility to mark several mails at once, you can not evaluate as well ...

Fast and well structured!
Fast
Very good this app, much better than the application of native email on the iPhone.
Fast and well structured.
App pleasant and quick!



Congratulations to the programmer.
Quick and practical.
This app has definitely surprised me. Loads email very quick and it looks good!
Good app easy, intuitive, q penalty boxes are duplicated.
Very good, loved it.
Fast and very good
Efficient
It was time that was the will of yahoo mail for iOS, now you just need the yahoo answer on iOS!
User friendly. Can be faster to load.
Very top the app, practical and objective.
Well efficient and lightweight
Great app! Loads e-mail faster than mail, easier to navigate between folders...
Very Good
who would say, pleasantly surprised.


Fast and practical.
Great app, easy and very useful in everyday life.

First app I feel an obligation to evaluate and give 5 stars ...!
This new version was very good application. I recommend! "
No iPad platform? Terrible.
This app is good. Better than most mail apps. But far inferior to the native iOS mail. I fail to see the need for this yahoo mail client. The native app benefits from iOS push notification, which are near instant as well as the notification center. It allows the user to see and access his custom folders and do almost everything he can from a PC browser.
Their needs to be a way to easily delete spam
Not every network allows access to my emails through my iphone mailbox.  This is the perfect app that I have been waiting for. I can always access my yahoo mail easily without any restrictions on networks that I am connecting to.
This app is great. I just wish it had an option for VIP mail alerts like the iPhone mail app. If it did, I would give it 5 stars.
Great app.  A very good start
I finally succumbed to incessant pressure to install the damned thing even though I did not ask for it or want it. And I hate when Yahoo blocks the bottom section of iPhone formatted articles so that it is impossible to view the desktop version. It is okay I guess...but I hate HATE being badgered to download stuff I do not ask for.
Quick and easy to use!
Thanks yahoo for this app finally u decided to have a great app. Easy, simple and fast.
I think it is great
Like it -makes it easier to access my mail
Hello, can you add a support for more than one Yahoo! Account I have my self 3 that I want to use here
I like it. Does what I need it to.
Good enough. Not many bells or whistles but it works
Excellent mail app. Best Ive seen.
I think think this app..is really great even though its Not an iPhone! It works great on the wifi !
Works great!
The app doesnt let you to choose different notification sound and the one that developers chose is very annoying and confusing.
It took too long but worth it! I love the app, life saver
Didnt use it much because it only handles one email account at a time, and I have two.
I still cant get it to work. All I wanted was to mark some mail as spam, but now Im in an even worse position than before.
Does not have yahoo calendar.
This app is great but please make it so i can use multiple accounts like the default mail app
Spam filtering is very lacking! It does not work very well. Shame Yahoo.
This was long overdue. Downloaded it today and so far so good. No issues. Quite good interface.
Yahoo is number one....there work professional team .
Keeps crashing all the time
Great app.!
Very basic features that rarely work!
With web we easily access the calendar. With this apps the calendar is missing from the apps list.
Does the job
Just downloaded this app a few days ago and I am enjoying it.
Its the best! But I wait to see best version of the best!
Hmmm. So far not pleased with this app. "Failed to download message" is becoming a frequent notice.
I have used other mail apps but thus one is by far the best.
I like it it is awesome.
This is a great app.  Love the functionality.  Couldnt log-in on LTE, needed wifi.  Overall great!
No problems whatsoever.

This app is awestruck! It really helped me keep up to date with my email!
Good alternate app when corporate mail restriction in place.
I like the yahoo mail app. The only problem I have is that all my folders in my inbox is in doubles-please fix it. Other than that its great to use.
It works great!
Better hen before
Its great
I wish the app would allow more than one yahoo mail to be set up on it. I have multiple yahoo mail accounts for different purposes. I wish I could manage them all in this app.
A zero rating for me cant seem to get into my business account which is what I use. Have use the web browser to do it.
No issue and I love it
I love it.
Dont like how it goes one way chronologically so if I mark one as unread, then delete the next one, it will then take me back to the unread one and I have to mark it as unread every time if I want that label to stay. Doesnt feel very intuitive.
This app wont even open for me.  It works intermittently.  Im removing it!
Good for iphone. Useless for ipad. Get on your horses.
Very good App for checking yahoo email
Crashes (exits) immediately after start up, very unreliable. Yahoo!..very disappointing.
Like it, long time was waiting for such app.
Log on needs a remember me button not just go to my email right away. I like having the option to put it in or not.
Now it is perfect
Finally an app for Yahoo! Mail. Hopefully in your next update we can have it optimized for the iPad and support for multiple IDs
I have to email add from yahoo but I can only view one account.
Function-wise the app works well. I  able to organize my mail simply.  However, startup time until I actually see my listing of mail has greatly increased. I see the purple yahoo splash screen for at least 7 secs. Used to be 1 or 2.
I loaded this app to hopefully be able to mark certain emails as "not spam" so they would come to my inbox. No such luck. Please put that feature on here.
I wish they had an option for remembering the user name, all we need to type is just the password only.
After installing this app, someone hacked into my account and sent a bunch of emails to my contacts. I dont even know what was sent... Im so mad!!! Had to change everything!!! Dont install!!!
crashes whenever I try to reply to an email. makes email font tiny. the other things LOOK good though.
it would be perfect if the log in section has "remember me" options
...at least so far. I was having a lot of problems with Yahoo Mail in Safari, and havent yet experienced them with this app.
Excellent
Was excited about this app as I have not been able to access my yahoo mail for 2 months on my iPhone 5. However quite disappointed as I keep getting the "Authentication Failed" error message. Any solutions?
Complete
I love the setting and its simple.
Only printer is not easy
great app try it its worth it
Very smooth beautiful UI I love this app personally
Really something u should come up wid  earlier
Was great initially but now it wont open. It crashes all the time. Please fix the bugs!!!
Incorrect refreshed content
The app looks nice, but Im now stuck in "All Contacts" and theres no way to escape and get back to my mailboxes. Ill uninstall and reinstall, but still - not a great first impression.
Would give zero stars if I could. Doesnt work ... Keeps showing incorrect number of emails unread and sporadically will not show current emails ... Basic stuff and they cant get it working - no wonder yahoo is a shadow of its former self
Better then just having it as a mail but refreshing itself is not good

So far Im loving this app its much more cooperative than the mail ap that came on my cell originally and I have not had any problems with the services.
Yahoo mail is the best email version I ever used better than others!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:)


Its not password protected, and you cannot sign up more than one account.

Does not bring anything more on my iphone !!!!
I thanks it work better now,
Better
Still dont know how to add a second Yahoo account. Support team at Yahoo do not even know about the app. Well done!
I like it, you can add photos and the layout is pretty
While app itself looks neat, it crashes all the time. I hope bugs will be fixed soon as if not i will probably choose to delete the app altogether from my phone.
UI good. Unfortunately all custom folders were duplicated.
quite useful
Just kick option for unread emails

Simply great
Nothing to say, just spectacular
Having trouble with mailbox deleted emails
Its a real mail can do anything

like to hope that more and more advantage of future upgrades
Clear Deleted Items "will get stuck and then flash back to need secondary open the delete to succeed. 
This App cannot add attached file as PC version , only can add photo annex, hope can upgrade it.
love this APP！💘
Useful
nice!
very good, and very convenient
This app is fantastic!
This thing is rubbish. It crashes a lot. And cant send messages to save its life. Please take it from me, if you just installed ios6, dont bother downloading this thing.
trial find it very convenient
very satisfied! 
正在用
like oh
perfects

yahoo will make a comeback
great! 
I like it. Its very good app for email.
Very fast &amp; convenient to use!!!
Give you five

is indeed my favorite mailbox. 
برنامج جميل
I love it
Year
is good, we must support Yahoo! 
good
very easy to use, convenient
App Yahoo Mail uses really easy
Super
There are problems opening attachments even though I have PDF applications for office
Very good, easy to use, practical.
excelente
The app closes after a few seconds
Excellent App
OK
Very good
It looks good
I love it


Geil :)







A mail app and not optimized for iPad! 😱👎



Amazing



It works very well

Gimme iPad!

why there is still the indicator present for new unopen mails although no new mails are there to read?


Super App. Missing only the photo attachments


Very good but only for an email with multiple email was better


Good



Coole app,ist alles mit drin und supi konstruktion 😃❤
Saves a lot of time







Works and is easy to use.

Cooles app runterladen!

The app is good, but I think it would be better if you could also link two accounts with the app.


Alles Super

Very slow app, yahoo could do it much better
Kanon good apps love it
Super god
Its a good app because its so simpel to use
Excellent
Excellent application recommended
Thanks Yahoo
Excellent
Nice app and easy,fast :)
OIB folders are repeated in my inbox.
Very good app
The best way for the emails on the phone
How can I access my contacts
Great app and fast,easy
Many thanks
This nicely App
going well now I can delete all with one click the recommend very good app
It takes two days without working, not charging and closes automatically, but happens to someone?
very good
does the job

Fast
no good, you can not attach files
Recommended
Perfect
This app works perfectly
No search function
Its great and I love to practice
Funciona.muy it is total
worth
Full of functionality!
Go faster, much better than access through the website.
failure but have improved a lot with the design.
is for but Im using in ipad 3.
Very nice
Perfectly opens and messages instant alert to inbox is awesome !!!
Not bad at all!
Still not create disposable addresses on iOS ...
You can not select all the messages at once ...

I cannot access other folders than inbox, i guess this will be taken care of in the next version. :-)



Very good application, ergonomic and beautiful, everything is there!

A very good app, beautiful
Excellent



Unable to resolve
Easy to use, instant mail: perfect

Good lack
Good app self entrepreneur
can do better
It is in English,

Good app, easy to use.


Super apply:)
Too bad the app is correctly was singing until mid-December but since ca 15d becomes impossible.

Application I was looking for. Minus one star, because I can not access to attached files.
Tha app sometimes does not open! It does as it would, but crashes and does not open. Sometimes it opens after 3 or 4 tries, but sometimes not: you need then to deinstall and install it again in order it opens again. I use an iPhone 4 with iOS 6.0.1. This must be corrected asap, please.

shame that we can not write secondary addresses recorded in the yahoo
Very proper application pity that I can not multiple accounts.
The best

Impeccable



Very useful application, thanks we waiting for more.
Thank you.

Nice improvement vs. previous versions! However, still need threading, VIP options etc.
Big bug sometimes damage

Nothing to add.
Haste to have now is doing :)
Very practical.
These cool because it avoids taking the option mail


Impossible to protect access to the messaging code
Size not adapted to the screen size should be zoom and then everything becomes a blur!
All my files are split ... and my inbox shows 2 unread emails but they do not appear in the Inbox despite a refreshment ... "



Très cool
No access to the folders !!!!!


Poly kali efarmogi! Try it!

There should be  a way to delete all emails from spam and trash with one move instead of opening the folders, checking one email, then checking all emails and finally deleting them.
Does anyone know if there is a way to have 2 accounts permanently open yahoo mail?


Οκ καλή είναι
Really great app for yahoo mail !!!

Its not a fast app , problem with checking!bud version!
Amazing
Απλά τέλειο ...
good looks will see the operation and will kratiso bravo good app!!!!!!!!!
Thanks
Practice!
Faster and smooth
Good one
is very stream 𣈱
5 Star!
为什么 没有 iPad 版本 呢?
Do not know of the microphone of my question has often been playing the app, and hang, transceiver Wudao mail, better use safari
fierce YES OK I A / C Lock Zo into complete information, the pop-up has been unlocked, then login, turned around and went to the first error point to know and bounced back msg, A / C Lock Zo. 
Good job
good to use, keep it up yahoo ;)
How can I multi login just like gmail?
I tried to set in iPhone that new mails should not give a sound. All incoming mails respond with a loud tune that it woke us up. I tried to restart iPhone and it did not help either. Please help .
Can use contact from phone contact only.
Like creating new folders, log-in and fast switch between multiple accounts.
Always can load into the apps!
than before, better and faster, clear easy to use! 
finally got this. v useful
Load勁耐！一D都唔好用！
than the Gmail app easy to use, but the fly in the ointment is only one account can log in, and hope that the next version supports multi-account login. 
More better then icloud

As subject
Good app
Good App
Excellent!
Radi u redu nema problema.
In the long and wonderous tradition of yahoo fails - this one tops the charts. App crashes at any opportunity - if it opens at all. I guess after all the years of agony the time has come to put yahoo mail out of its misery. Rest in peace.
Odličan
Extra
Dobar
Just could be better, I was expecting a lot more from Yahoo.
.D
Very cool
Good, but can handle only one account
Nice app 😊
Please make it work on iOS 5, please...
Good!mail
Its will be great if support multiple account.
Lebih praktis.
This app is so usefull and its so easy to use and very very light to open mail content, manage , erase multyple and so. Thank u yahoo
Cannot add field name just showed mail address instead. Otherwise, great application...
Nice Apps but cant download any attachment and edit forward any email
Please make an option to back view list mail after deleting some mail..
Very good appl.
add flagged folder please. And I suggest this app to follow gmail app.
Ready to try
Need multi account support m threaded view please.. Im waiting..
great...but there is no room for user to customize own.
This app is good but not support multiple account, please update
Its good but I cant dowload mail with pic attachments. Pls fix it.. Pleaseeee.. Thank you so much :)
nicee apps..keep up the good work team
I find ive no problems what so ever with the app.
Sometimes it says I have a new email but doesnt show even after logging out many times.
App doesnt seem to refresh external mail as can be done on web version. Renders the app useless to anyone using yahoo mail with external email account
the apps are nice, i think they should have allow 2 or more yahoo account in one apps, thats really nice...
Great app. Easy to get around, attractive design
The iPhone would have a brilliant and clean mail app. Why should I want to use an app with ads and a bad user experience instead? And why did this app get directly 5 times 5 stars? Hmm 🙊
Very handy when it works, but it freezes up every time you open the menu tab, only solution is to delete app and reinstall.
Love it
If there was a minus 5 stars thats how bad I would rate this
At last! This app has saved me time and made tapping easier
This app worked quite well initially. It has a very nice interface and integrates seamlessly with yahoo webmail, without the annoyances of marking emails as read etc that comes with the native app. After a few weeks use, it is constantly crashing, which I presume is a memory issue. Needs a fix to continue using it. (3GS IOS 6.0.1).
Its works brilliantly and is good
Great app! Its classy looking, it is easy to get to different folders and it is purple!!!! Great job!
Regular and ongoing issues with crashing and app stability... I think Ill come back when bugs have been fixes.
Finally .. Its an amazing app
Finally a great app to manage Yahoo! Email and replace the native app.
Great to use! I like
Quite a surprise from Yahoo, who seem to have ignored the iOS for quite a while. This is a super clean, fast and easy to use application, and I think one of the better third party web mail apps out there for iPhone.
Not to bad at all pointless haven a mail app on the phone now with this
Nice app
Stable, good speed and view of content and browsing.
Excellent. Very easy to use. No need to log in through computer.
Love it works well in Israel!!!!!
we miss the ability to dealt or create new folder and its not good
rar file when attached, cant be opened from the app.
Good
So many apps now are universal for iPad too. Why cant this app  support it as well?
Easy and nice for the user
Guys, without support for business mail it is worth MOTHING. Got it?
like!!
Very good
Best GUI...
The new mail app is very fast and smooth.
From a company like Yahoo, this is unacceptable. Otherwise its a very decent app no doubt .
I downloaded, logged in, deleted a few mails and logged off. After sometime, I got a new mail notification. I dont want to be bugged when logged off.
Thought it will support yahoo business mail but does not making the app useless clutter.
good work but i cant see yahoo chat in my messenger. any idea???
Excellent app. Fast, fluid and very simple.
Been using google gmail for a long, installed yahoo mail app to try. surprisingly yahoo app is more refreshing than gmail ;)
Finally Yahoo Mail App Great Work!
Please can we have the application for lower versions of the iPhone say 4.3 or something
Elegant n of course fast too !
Yahoo mail is a really good app for iphone. Attachment function can be better by allowing other files located on iphone. Overall good mail app.
Speed
Good one
like it
Design and UI are excellent
Far better improvement
Amazing app....would want to use it if it supports multiple account configuration in the future :)
This app. is very user friendly
Yahoo is improving quickly
Very clean and smooth
Clean interface, works fast.
Its very friendly use
Its excellent and super fast.
Good one from yahoo.
Amazing
The best and the ultimate in whole world apps
Fast and good interface.
This is fast but please solve some bugs
Individual offline option not found
Good n very good
As the name said yahoooooo is a nice app wrkng pretty well
Like it...
Great app. Wonderful. Beats google in my view .
Yahoo finally has it!! Happy to see the app working fine.
Unable to select &amp; delete all mails at once.
wow neat app after a long time from yahoo!!!! great job...
very very very fast!.
Simple to use!!
Awesome app. Easy to use really rocks !!!!
This app works super perfect lik it alot
Very good
Seems yahoo had put some efforts to save its sinking market...
A great in app in right time.
Its finally here. Took a long time coming. Definitely worth the wait.
Need to be fast for download the email on 3G
Gmail got the same.
Good application for yahoo mail
Its damn fast
nice app....
The responses are fluid &amp; the app has good user interface.
Its very user friendly app
App is very good. But it is bit slow. Checking yahoo email on iPhone mail is much faster . The app needs to be optimised for performance .
user interface is too good man loved to use it!!!!!!n
love it !
Sleek design and interface. Good app.
A very neat app. Unfortunately, there is no option to manage multiple accounts. Otherwise its a clean 3 star-er!
Great app
But wud love if they add multiple account configuration...
Nothing great abt this app ... Continue using the inbuilt iPhone mail software
Great app from yahoo.
Amazingly simple yet super smart email client... Runs smooth on my iPhone 5 and HTC One x+.
Good
Cant find folders. :(
Good one
Great work yahoo
Excellent App By Yahoo... Cheers!!!!
Awesome
Very. Good
Now checking mails in phone become fast and easy. Awesome job :)
I havent seen any problems up to now except some crashes sometimes.......
Very good App... Nice interface
Good UI..easy to use..
Keeps crashing while opening on iPhone 3GS.
Excellent App
One of the best mailing apps that I have ever used on an iPhone.
New app is very fast and responsive.
Very good app. I like it.
This app is quite good but should be upgraded and a facility to add multiple yahoo ids should be added like in gmail app
Good one
AWESOME &lt;3&lt;3
.
Bella
Great app for email, I hope soon to iPad.

The email app for best of all, the graphics are neat and simple, lacking only support for Italian and then there is everything!

Too bad it is not optimized for iPad
Finally an app for mail client created a lot, but veeery good!
It looks bad I can not send mail, I always error sent 1 Star
Could be 5 stars with some tweaking.
But how do you sort by date, sender or mark?
Works bene, slow ma un po

functional quick and easy
Great app ;)
Excellent
Simply functional
more than satisfactory, useful and professional
Excellent
Fast and lean
Very useful effective and well designed, do not enable Push Notifications otherwise never stops playing
It really sucks ....... nn nn downloaded connects ... attention
Its perfect!!

Do not connect!
Fast, smooth and easy to use
Extraordinary
Very simple but very complete and easy to use.
good application


This app deserves 5 stars works perfectly
Good Im happy there
Perfect
Excellent consigliatissima
I can not send videos!
Great app
Profit and comfortable

ottima!!!✔☑☑☑☑👍👍👍👌👌👌
For those who have problems, enter only the name senza@yahoo.it
Application invalid
Really useful and well done 👍
very beautiful and comfortable
Very useful, easy to use and also very aesthetically pleasing
Finally, really nice.

Excellent, congratulations
Great app very innovative!

App functional, elegant version, just a click away.
too beautiful
Well done, fast and hassle free.
Excellent
Figo
Great app
Ok
Them testing on iphone 5 and seems to be fine.
working
waiting for this app for a long time. Graces

Very good and fast!
Really well made and practical
Requires iOs 6
FANTASTIC!
H
Perfect
Maaadd
Fantastic
Always yahoo mail is the best.
Nice application and easy to use
NiCr
Very good
Makes everything so easy.
This app is awesome 👏👏
good
so useful.
Awesome
The design is simple and easy. I like it. No more, no less.
Cooool
Keep on yahoo good luck
Nice
great app my yahoo became easy now for me n for others i m sure
Yahoo Bizmail accounts are not supported; we have invested so much for many years in Yahoo, yet we never deserved excellent service like an app that supports out emails
Really beautiful thanks
The best a man can get
Yahoo! did a great job. After waiting for such a long time. thanks for sharing.
Exelent
Verey nice.
Very Nice
Good job
Nice Job yahoo. Messenger
Nice 2 c yahoo in App Store
Very nice app made mailing very easy and very potable
Awesome, good
Very good apps yahoooooooo.keep it up!!
Khowoowoowoh program can not do without it
Best on the web it is. Wish you would guid me to upgrade. Thanks.
Excelling
Finally
Brilliant interface and maxing speed. Yahoo mail remains on top of elegance and function.
Great app. I use it on my iPhone , tablet and notebook. No bugs, no crash. Thx to the producers
不好看
Better than the original Email App in iPhone.

Its fast and it works perfectly on my iPhone thanks

Very good fluid practice and highly recommend new generation

take long to remove just extraordinary.
Excellent app
Excellent app easy to use and does the job load descargenla provide them many things
Very good application.
Lindo great
convenient.
Very useful And easy to use
Very Good


And also very useful

Excellent I recommend everything on hand
Very good application, fluid and easy interaction, highly recommended
Good
Muy buena app
I worked perfectly on my iPhone ...!
Excellent
Sincerely download quite fast the message as attached files
The application handles very well!
Excellent
sucks long locks with iPhone 5
I guess missing fix flaws such as duplicate folders to store / separate mails ...
I love, Ill check my mail I can quickly
Oky



Its a great app, I recommend

Very good aplikacion recommend it much easier life

This app is excellent convenient. Thanks.
Good app and helpgul
Woow
Pls upgrade for ipad ...
Cant used for business mail yet.....i have multiple yahoo business mail, ios mail still works better.
Easy n simple to use
Like the app. I love to write my own app. ???
Easy to use
The Best App..
Even on my iPad it is marvelous.

Finally a proper,simple n easy to use app...kudos yahoo
Its nice but it would get 5 stars when you add the Bcc and Cc option like Gmail app and you web email client.
Great app. Will give 5 stars if able to add multiple account.
Captivating awesome
Good apps &amp; friendly use
Nice apps and helpful
Tq for yahoo.
Very good...
Easy for mobile use
Please let us customize notification sound instead of the default tritone.
Great
Please include yahoo calendar so that calendar events could be synced into iPhone calendar. Thanks
very good
Good
Very good n easy to use 👍
Now my box is closer!
Perfect app. Simple &amp; excellent
This is awesome
This is super cool! Simple and intuitive
This is perfect
Perfect &amp; excellence
The app is nice for the iphone but the ipad version is worse than the built in mail since its basically just an app for the iphone.  On the ipad you do not benefit at all for having a bigger screen. Those of you that run iphone apps on your ipad will know what i mean. I hope that they will come out with a different version for the ipad where you can use the whole screen in HD. Other then that its pretty nice
The browser mobile version is much more complete. I miss all my mail folders.. Missed chance!
Nice interface but essential things are missing, like button to empty trash and disposable addresses mgt. removed it.
Doesnt add a thing to iOS default mail or webmail. Ugly and missing functions.
Crashes regularly at startup. The app checking for new email after each and every time a message is moved to a folder, is utterly irritating.
No sufficient added value and you cannot switch off push notification in the app, annoying.
It sends emails to trash after Ive read them and closed the ap - I want them to stay in my inbox! Worried about losing important emails due to this feature.
Finally ! great App .
This makes such a difference as I always had to log on through the Internet and it was such a chore. It is fast too.
Quick and easy to download and use
It finally came
good
Its a good app. But at times it wont pull down mail even though mail is there to be downloaded. Sometimes it can take 3 or 4 goes before it works, otherwise Im more than happy with it.
Its better then the last one :)
A well organised, feature packed yet user friendly app.
This app makes life easier
...cant fault it so far. Very quick and easy.
Really Good. Made my mail system easier.
This app is very practical and easy for me to use! Thanks so much.
All good but how do you turn if the auto advice of a new message. Gets annoying beeping all the time every time a new message comes in!
Otherwise does all its meant to.
I am having trouble login into my account,done all the requirement that is needed to login. No success. Ive been blocked so many times just to get into "YAHOO MAIL" help!!!!
this app can actually function as a mail app and can finally replace the mail app.
You met my expectation!
Very good tool
Very similar to gmail app
Close the app after charging
As improved, keep it up!
great app!!!!❤it!!!!!  💋💋💋💋💋
Very slick and easy to use👍
Cant open the app. It wont get pass the logo.
Awesome and amazing app I view my email at yahoo very fast tnx
been waiting for this..👍👍👍
When I update my Yahoo! Mail in the web, this one didnt update when I checked after :(
User friendly
Super like the app specifically the simplicity and appeal of the interface. Pls just add "mark/unmark all" so I dont have tick/untick items one by one.
More improvement
At last the email mobile apps that i have been waiting!! First thing ive checked is the file attachment and super!! -- it works!!!
Fix it!
This is amazing...
please..its toooooo small for an iPad..if we zoom the app itll be pixelated..i suggest dont include iPad on your details..or better yet make a better version for iPad.. (sigh!)
Very useful app :-)
very nice app
Always hang since I opened it for the second time
Great No hassle, easy to use
Most of my emails has attachments i cannot see attachments of my messages
Amazingly clean, simple, and fast. No lags at all. very smooth. Yahoooo!
Awesome job for creating this application. Its a friendly user app plus the appearance is very captivating. Easy to use and very enjoyable either you check your inbox, make an email reply or creating a new one. Its much better than IOS mail application installed originally in IOS products. Thank you and I really enjoy using this application. :)
Amazing! Simply perfect. :)
Great apps
Im unable to save attached files on my iPhone. Whats wrong?
Easy to use
Cool app for my Yahoo mail.  Just that I cant access my auto filtered folders.
Review
It is more become good if can log in multiple email account...
Very nice and useful app
I like it :)
It has a delay on email especially with attachments sometimes it is not delivered on the person i emailed pla fix this
👍
Nice! Easy and smooth.
Smooth App!👏
One of Yahoo!s amazing apps.
&lt;3
I like to prompted when there is a new mail.
Emails that has been opened is not marked as read. Please fix this minor thing. Otherwise, it is a great app.
Cute and sleek design
Mo mail search and location from where attachment will be taken also limited attachment format is allowed.
I like the new interface! Fantastic!
After installing this and logging my accnt, its says that my account is suspended.. How? Im using my acct for many years and just now got suspended after using tis app and cannot send email. Bad app!
Highly recommended to everybody. Though it doesnt have a tab for you to get back to your email once you press messenger, still its easy to navigate.
Theres no button for the saved conversation in messenger like in yahoo mail.
Finally!
Thumbs up
Great! No ads! Not like Windows Live fir hotmail! Super LIKE!
Great app.
Great app.. Could have been 5 stars if there is an alert whenever a new email arrives.
Cant attach documents
Organizing each mail item is faster with one swipe, and YM is now integrated with the app.
This is definitely must app for people like me who have yahoo account.
Great app :)
Much easy to open the mailbox
Hate the color scheme
Nice work keep it up!
perfect, works great, easy to use, simple and beautiful UI. love it
Its very change ...i love it
Need some few changes
I am unable to login multiple account
At the starting the banner color is very sharp and not looking decent
Good app
Best app
It was so nice to see an old friend on my iPhone. Now my connections are all set . Thanks
Yahoo is a nice app
Your team done a great job and this app is a completely adorable I like it very much.
Gooof
Awesome.... Love it!!
Overall this is very improved app but there is no any sending option to send the email from other account addresses  as we send emails from different email addresses thru browser. Plz update the application
Simply perfect!!
Its Outstanding..its fast n reliable !!! M impressed !
:))
Something seriously flawed with this app! Overall user friendly, but almost on a daily basis does not uploads in the morning. Had to reinstall a few times already. Using iPhone 4.
Good post
This app is so perfect that I makes my spend less time on computer as everything I need is within my finger tip for my email even when on sea,you have it all and thanks to yahoo


Its about time!
Boa app

Functional and useful

Friendly user! Like!
Effective
Nice One and cool.
Excellent disk top tool
It was about time, but it crashes when I move mail to a folder. Also, the folders are displayed twice. Please fix!
Works ok, with some small glitches. Hope that next updates to bring support for multiple accounts and more options for personalization. Until then iOS mail app remains my favorite
When trying to access me out.
i love it when i can delete all junk or recycle box!!!
5🌟 for this well designed app
Quite useful app, it allows you to use features not supported by the apple mail application.
Utila is fast
No major issues
A bit late, though
Foarte useful
The end can attach to mail stuff

Handy
No sound settings, good graphics.
Recomand!!!
Nice app, but there are few bugs they have to work on. For example, all my personal folders are doubled in the left pane

80% ok
Nice
Attempting good offers and messenger, modern, elegant 5 star "
not worth 5 stars but expect these updates. "
Give ii dau or stea m pt ca sa fac forces update the ios
Great to finally have Ymail own app
Easy use, great design, very helpful!
OK
A beautiful and easy to use application.
Four stars for not being able to configure multiple accounts.
Waiting for ipad retina display compatible upgrade
Goooood
Too many bugs, crashes frequently: (
Ok
Good
Very good
Good work !
Verry good app
Useful, great app
Beware, this app does not delete emails you delete on the web! After you logout and login again the deleted emails are still in the app. This is a major security hole!
Nu and cine stie ce
Bun
It hang when i try to send multiple emails, it random quits, and often automaticly logg me off, force me to enter user and passwprd again ang again! Useless app, yahoo you should feel bad for this big failure!!!
Great app! i was expecting it for a long time, but I would like to change the notification sound and i cant do that right now
Very good app.
nice!
Very well done ... at first glance to be tested more time .. the rest is ok
A very usefull app !
Its awsome! :)

Its working gooood, but i,m waitng more improvments!!!
5+
:)
Very good app
Please add an availability to use a signature similar to the one I use at the web version
Make for ipad
Just A+++
Good program, just wish that all the Russian in English .. not enough!

Good
Only one account:(
No different from gmail on the interface and very convenient "
The application is good, but has some problems, it shuts down whem tring to open 2 mb pic from mail! Iphone 3gs
The app is fine though some squawks exist and need to be remedied. Sent e- mails cannot be visible in full chain of messages.
Now working without problems.
The app working so much good, thank
Excellent app! Very useful and comfortable!
Very good and well designed application
very nice app
Very good
Ghkbcfnyfxhjfdd
V nice app n user friendly as comparf to others
I like it
Excellant Apps.
very easy and nice app. I was waiting for this app.
Best app 💰💰💰
Very goog app i love it
I like this app.
Great App Thanks
Sultan
very good
Giving exclusive service
Good.
Good App
app is very easy but need to add password lock option
Simply it is wonderful and super fast
We need a version for iPad
Finally we got the yahoo apps for the iPhone its really great, when the update;)
Good app
v.nice
Finally, we got the yahoo application. it is great. We need to have fast access to unread email. This is very important. Please add this feature ASAP. Thanks
Great mail ✉ app ever 👍
I love it
Excellent apps! Makes users access to mail easy.
Nice
I cannot access my business mail through this app. Still the original mail app which comes with the device is much better.
Very good app
برنامج رائع
Very cool program Thank you
Very Good App
Excellent yahoo mail
Ffff
Very superb application .great job yahoo.
Excellent
Looks good and is pretty fast. Now only thing that will prevent this is people who have already migrated to other mails.
Just got to install the Yahoo! Mail app on iPhone 5 (32GB) running iOS 6.0.1. It simply just keeps crashing shortly upon launch. Tried reboot iPhone, as well as delete and reinstall. Nothing works. It just crashes despite iPhone having amber of free space (&gt;12GB).
so far, i can say its good! easy acces
Kudos to Team Yahoo. Please tell me when we will get one for iPad
Its works much better then gmail native app.. And I am loving it..
Worked fine at first but now keeps crashing. Cant even get app to start although notifications still keep coming in.
Although this apps is a bit faster than the regular mail on iPhone, I found it not so user friendly. I couldnt find where to turn off push notification when I dont want it. This is annoying!
Good
Good UI! 👍👍
Wow.
Good
Keep walking
Easy to use ...
but where is the iPad version?
Good
Very fast
So far still ok. Keep that going..
Not bad
Finally yahoo made it no complaints so far... But for future improvements please work on multiple accounts!!
Been using native mail app and my life was good. Move to yahoo mail. And suffering all the time. App startup problem. Starts up only the third or 4 time. Each time taking a few mins of my time before closing. And then somehow after installing this my native app stopped delivering mails to me. So had to delete this app and reads my yahoo in native mail app.
Its was great &amp; easy to use + fast😍. I ❤every time when using it👍👏
I like the interface and that I can see all my folders easily. Mail takes time to load. The badge will indicate the number of emails in but when you open the email it takes time to load. If only it allows multiple yahoo accounts as well.
I love it and it really helped me my mail the application is wonderful ;) thanks yahoo!
Nice design and fast, but seems to have less features than standard iPhone mail app (replies are not grouped for example). Id like more.
Thanks for wonderful eye catching app!   Modernised UI!
Faster than the previous version
Dont know why all my folders are duplicated ???
Keep it up
Really yahoo woke from slumber. I cannot believe this.
I love this mail app from Yahoo! It should be like this years ago. Bravo for making the app that fast and snappy thus I can open and send mail faster. Great!
Crashes whenever i attempt to open my Sent folder.. other folders are ok, anyone has the same problem??
Nice app.  Quite similar to Gmail iPad.  Running the Yahoo iPhone version on iPad.  The screen is just too small.
Convenient and fast. But we need an iPad version and multiple account support too.
Faster than gmail :) and much much better product from yahoo on mobile after a long time..
This is the most convenient app ever!!!!!!!!
@@
great app finaly yahoo have new mail app.
Okay evolved the app I like and is quite fast
Very good
Like a fine vintage whiskey
Very easy to understand and use
Good to mark spam immediately once their coming!

Bra
Id give 5 stars if I could use my premium yahoo mail account in this app, and have the ability to choose from which address to send.

Best email client for handheld.
Good in many respect. No link between the different apps with this app. "
Nice &amp; comfortable
Good Email App
Easier and faster using!
Poor display resolution. Functionality is nowhere close to general email apps. Somewhat clumsy. Only positive is it seems to hold the entire mail account instead of the last few hundred at a time.
This app send spam mail to my contact
well done
ใช้ง่ายและรวดเร็ว
easy to use
Bad bad dont like many problem
สะดวกกว่าใช้แอปเมลอีกค่ะ
Great app.
Its good.
Nice app. Easy to use and more flexible than iPhones mail. Option to turn on and off notifications, sound and badge separately would be  appreciated.
สบายตา
I check my email often much easier to allow it.
easy to use, good looking and very comfortable ^__^
Shutting down ...




Well done


came the same closing Updated
Clear and easy to use.
i Phone 5te I think it is very fast and very nice smooth


Im not pleased with this app at all. I have to click in it a few times before the app actually opens. Im in a hurry most times and I have to wait on it to load and then fail and click again. Its not my Internet problem because I have wireless and 4g. Please improve this app.
Yahoo! ~ this thing is superb
So nice~^^
Easily to use!
Please develop iPad hd version, otherwise everybody will transfer to gmail.
can only receive mail account yahoo mail can not receive external mailbox; addition, the set features little, not enough Personalize. 
awesome
praise ~ easy to use
in the settings option missing some of the features
Good

方便好用〜

不錯用優
Good

好用
還Ok啦
If you notice the sound can transform better
Very good!!

Why not switch account


As title. Please improve it.
Good
好用！
Good
👌
Ok

😀😃😄
The App used to be a really good help. But... now whenever I try to open it, it quits at startup. I hope this problem gets fixed soon.
期待推出iPad版！
to use smooth
new version of APP finally relatively easy to use, but spam is still very scary
Good!
有用
good

超好用！
如題！
Yahoo mail
So much better and quicker at checking emails and deleting them! Love the notification you receive to let you know that you have mail! Means you dont have to keep checking your inbox unnecessarily! Top class app! Wouldnt be without it! 5*
I am all for connivence and this app is perfect the ease of access and so easy to use - great .
Good satisfaction
Nice app with cool design and ux! Carry on guys :)
Very useful and user friendly app
Lot better than before...
Smart application. Its fast but i get alerts on my locked screen even after signing out .... Scary.
Great app no complaints :)
Good yahoo app easy to access
You just cant silence them :-( good app otherwise shame small problem but just really annoying keep beeping
Top app best email app Eva
Its a very great app using it for the first time but look awesome.
Good app n thanks for bringing this to make our work easier
Waste of time, times out on signing in.  When it doesnt tone out, it randomly tells me my p/w is invalid.
The new interface is great but it keeps freezing on the loading screen and then crashing, have reloaded three times.... Is still doing it, its infuriating!!!!
Great clean nicely set out app thats fast sleek no fuss "Does what it says on the tin".
So much more nicer and organised :)
great app. reliable, stable and friendly to navigate. if youre a yahoo mail user it makes sense to download and use
This is definitely a five star app. Its beautiful, fast, and very easy to use. I dont know why it took Yahoo so long to make this but I am happy it is here now. You guys have made my day
Well its ok I suppose, but when you can load your yahoo mail into the iPhone mail system in under a minute..
Great app at all
Simple to use fast download easy setup
This needs multiple accounts so you can easily switch between your different yahoo accounts
One of the best mail app ive ever seen
Nice
Easy to used best ever app better than msn
There is nowhere to check your external mail you could do this on the old app :-(
Its brilliant apps keep it up ;)
Well done Yahoo, suspect 2013 will be Yahoos year!
Very good app.
Great
Brilliant when Im out and about town!!
Good app,so far all is well
Great app if your a yahoo user!
Excellent useful app
Grate app very easy to use 👍
Its a great app when it actually opens.
Best app ever
This app is pretty good. The only issue Ive had is that when I delete an email using my phone it doesnt actually get deleted! My phone shows it as deleted but when I log in online it is still in my inbox.
I will have to stop using this app, as I cant turn off new mail alert/previews and my wife saw a confirmation note for a Xmas gift I had bought her. Thanks Yahoo! Really disappointing as new mail app is otherwise much better than the full Yahoo service app, which I will have to go back to, as I use iPhone mail for my work account.
Easy to use. Mail loads quickly and attachments display quickly. Much more user friendly than iOS mail. Very pleased with this app.
Great thank you
Very professional and exceptionally good.
Not worth 1 star. Full of bugs, hopelessly outdated pointless app, the mobile website provides better functionality. To be avoided.
Good app. Does what it says. Need to develop it for multiple e mail accounts to make it 5 stars.
This is a very unreliable app. It takes ages to load when trying to open it, then just crashes and returns to the home screen...so frustrating! I wish developers would test their apps properly before general release. Must try harder.
Great
This app is useless it only ever gets as far as the logo screen before it crashes
24*7 running
Now checking my mail at the go became much more efficient.
Great new app but can not send from multiple accounts (alias). When this added will convert from iPhone mail application.
Really impressed by this updated version of aap
The App designs is all good but when you reply and start typing it keep crashing, Yahoo sort this out please.
Please update this app it keeps failing to send my mail and people think Im ignoring them... And I am NOT that kind of person
Very easy to use much better than keep going online. I have only one complaint you cant add new folders other than that well done Yahoo.
Cant send mail from disposable addresses but apart from that great app
Why u no put search.. Its a basic thing
Its alot better than the orignal mail you get on the iPod and + it purple my fav color!!
The app works ok does everything expected. But having chosen to delete an email it asks you if you really want to do this!!! An annoying step which probably means I wont use it except under duress.
Excellent app. Great that it gives you access to all your mail and not just a 2 week period.
Excellent but need to allow the creation of folders from the app rather than setting up on main web site. Also need to develop the app for iPad.
Very good app
This new app is amazing its nice to have your mail in an independent app. Its also nice as it makes use of the new Facebook like side drawer layout which is now so common my gran could use it
They finally decided to make it, glad they did. Simple - easy - straight to the point!
Its a great app., fast, superb colors, love to use. Keep it up yahoo!.
Absolutely great app
Really good work. Need search.
Fast speed
App looks really good but I have more than one yahoo mail account, add support for this and Ill move over.
Cant go back further to previous messages. Very slow too
Easy to use,good app
Not sure why I would use it above iPhones email account.  In particular, it cant handle multiple accounts.
Worst apps its not working properly.
Very good
Have re-installed at least 15 times! The app crashes on average every second or third time it is used. Youd think theyd manage to sort this out... Cant be that difficult.
So much better than ios6 app on the iphone 5
Good app that gives the same experience like being on the computer.
Like it.....
It is very nice and useful so far
Absolutely love it. Just like using yahoo on your laptop instantly loads all information and to the appropriate size of the phone. Great app itll make my life much easier!
Why cant I get ymail to sync messages that are older than a month?! Frustrating!!
Great app for the first day. After that it didnt open just showed the home screen for a bit before crashing.
Having downloaded this app, I find I still prefer Mail. Yahoo mail is attractive and seems slightly faster at finding emails filtered into sub folders, but theres still a delay in retrieving mails after activating the app even though the notifications are there. Also, its not possible to initiate a new mail by clicking on an email address in the body of the mail youre reading. Finally I dont like the way that the delete button works. Sliding your finger brings up a selection of actions to click but they completely hide the email header line. Im worried I will delete the wrong email by mistake.  So, still some work to do then.
Good
Fine when it works,but keeps crashing.
Useless does not even load
Good app albeight with some limitations. For one it does not support multi-account functionality. U have to use your pc to switch that. Else great app.
Lovely email site. I am loving it.
Very good app but takes too long to open, it crushes sometimes and doesnt function very well when offline it always requires an Internet connection. If these get sorted, it will be great.
Very useful
Used to be fairly good but last update has ruined it to the point it doesnt work at all. Crashes when loading every time.
Throws up the sign in page every few days at least once a week. Good when it works but today I have to now verify my account online which is a new one. Bit unreliable and a bit clunky
Cant get app to open anymore and constantly crashes
A simple but effective app
Brilliant app!
Grate app
Fast, Beautiful and Simple to use .... +++++ Star app .. Great Work !
Fast and simple!
Perfect app responds quick and very easy to use
It dose what it is me t to do and is really helpful
Using it on an iPad and keeps freezing, very frustrating as it is a beautifully simple app.
Sooper
Its a very good app
Smashing app
Will stick to web version until I can check my other email account.
Does what it says on the tin!!!!
Very comfy
its fast &amp; perfect and works just fine\u2026 :)
Very useful when your out u can pick up your e-mails
Great App, much better than previous app. Works well.
Best App
Bit of a waste of time. It does not seem to check external mail accounts. I still have to go to the web browser to retrieve those!
Excellent. Easy to use.
I dont like this app there is no option to sign up for yahoo 😬
With Yahoos temperamental Push email problem, this is certainly a breath of fresh air! New email shows up instantly. Very nice.
Cant select all messages without clicking each one. And all the messages are shown in one list which is just weird. Compared to the desktop web interface this is rubbish.
This is great as it notifies you immediately when there is a new message. So pleased I have it!!!!
Good app but to long to make it.
Nice app, easy to use. Highly recommend it!
I really like this app thnkx to creater
Awesome app saved me alot of time
And it really work
Super app!
works really well. very convenient and easy to use
I like this app as it works better than the iPhones but just noticed you cannot edit the original content or delete when fwding a mail?! Not sure if its just me now but hello Y!.. are you kidding me?!!
Very good app
I love it, I also use the mail app on my iPhone 4S but this is a fantastic app! Well done Yahoo
Excellent
Good but not great, could do with improvements
Could have more colour as white is bit "in yer face" not options to change it to a different colour.
Great little app, makes viewing emails supa quick, one of my better apps for sure. Keep up the good work.
Best app ever seen in my life
Love the notification and badges.
Its amazing app found ever
Simple and easy to use
App is definitely handy but keeps crashing. Reinstalling it for the third time.
Superb ... Does what it says on the tin 😃
Love it its fast and no probs signing out or in.
Was really good for about 2 days. Now crashes constantly on my iPhone 4
Very poor app! Ive never known an app to crash so much! Nursery kids could do better!!! (doesnt even deserve 1 star! -5 stars more like!!!) FIX IT!!!
Duplicate sub folders, Otherwise five
Fantastic
Slick, attractive, pleasant to use. I like the swipe to chose disposition feature. The ability to easily spam mail without opening it is appreciated. Would like to be able to make the font bigger - I have vision problems.
Very clean interface. Works like magic.
Keeps crashing
Brilliant app i cant live without it .....
Great App, I love it.
amazing
Looks nice and works well, but really needs notifications.
Good looking app however I have two accounts and am only allowed to access the one I used first. Signing out and then in with a second account just does not work.
Fast and easy to use, thanks!
Nice to see an app that looks and feels like the PCM version so no learning curve like using the apple the browser for the first time.
So much better than the mail you get with the iPod, Great App !! :)
Top class as you would expect from Yahoo!
Better then The Lord of good mail on a Sunday afternoon
Good app. Good to have access to all mail.
This is a pretty decent app allowing you to use a lot of the iPhone features like slide to move / delete. It offers a little more functionality than your standard mail but still need time to get used to checking mail using this app!!
I really dislike spam- who doesnt and this app were quickly sorts spam from normal mail and deletes the spam quickly- I just press a button and spam is gone:)
Smooth, does what it says on the tin
Top app highly recommend it
Great app. Keeps me up to date wherever I am !
At last! Yahoo mail is finally iphone friendly. Lovely, slick app.
Really good
Noticed a big difference Straight away compared to the yahoo mail I have been using to date (I think it used the browser) . Soo much better and faster.
I love it!
Works really well
Great app. Would be useful I there was the facility to access the Mail Options menu and an iPad version would also be nice
Its looks live folders are missing !
Excellent app very easy to use am lovein it cool so everyone just download it if you useing yahoomail !!!
Awful app, does not work at all :(
Deleted, doesnt load, crashes and eats your battery life. Shame as it has the potential to be a great App :(
Very impressed with the app! Simple interface but above all its really quick! Just tap and everything appears in an iPhone friendly format. Pretty cool!
Really good
Very good but would be nice to have multiple account setup.
Ok yahoo team what you can do better. Having options for pop up message to come up in the main screen. When you prepare a birthday present and your email messages on the first screen of your iPhone. It is not really a surprise anymore.  Because your iPhone is on the main table of the living room. So please next upgrade in settings option: pop window: yes or no.
The app is nice, but very basic. Unlike the iPhone browser version. You cant check youre external mail accounts on the app, nor can you send from your other email accounts. Ill still use the web version until its updated
Very good
fantastic app... love it... thanks yahoo for making it so easy to check emails...
Great!
Very fast app, excellent work...
Finally Yahoo has made an app that works well, that looks good AND allows you to sign in/out easily if you want to.
This app is more feature rich than the native app. Meets all my needs mobile email wise
Toppa app!
Installed and worked without any problems. Seamless and easy to use. Highly recommend. Well done.
As the title says
Brilliant
Cant restrict it to display just the subject...
Thats it really, you get your emails.
The yahoo Internet page keeps crashing and you end up back on your first page on the iphone
Great app much better than Apples own mail app
Best thing since sliced bread
Simple and awesometacular
This app is very very easy for every body and useful too
It is really good u can email people and well thats about it but it is really good so get it people!!!!!!!!!!!
.
The wait is over!  The best mail app from yahoo!
This is very clean and simple. I use Yahoo as an IMAP repository for the email from all my accounts and this brings fast server-side full-text search! I tried using filters like from: and sent: and it works. Worth it for that alone!
Significant upgrade in user experience, simple clean interface, and love that you can quickly manage and maneuver through your inbox without any hassle or extra clicks! Tremendous product enhancement across all devices especially here on mobile!
Very fast app! I will be using this instead of the one that comes prebuilt on iphone.
Its capable of marking email as spam unlike the iPhone Mail, but the annoying pop-ups every time I delete an email is time-consuming. I also have to wait for about two seconds every time I delete an email.
The app has been out a day and my folders did not show up. I gave this app a rating of 2 stars and was immediately contacted by yahoo. They informed men of an update that would be done by the end of the day, and my issue was resolved!
It syncs all your folders.
Very good update
Please add multiple account support. The app works great, but with 2 Yahoo email accounts, Id LOVE to be able to manage them both without having to sign in/out.
about time Yahoo! released a top-notch mail app
Love this app!!! :)
Love the design. I have access to all my folders too
The app is smooth on my iPhone 4, quick to load, and is now my default mail app since the ui fixes.
Please consider allowing multiple Yahoo! email accounts like the Google Gmail app currently does.
Really good app:)
Really like the set up, easy to navigate and allows me to view my mail with out having the information attached to my phone.
The interface has new color and looks more fresh, but I only can access one email account. Not practical for me.
Its just like my email on the computer so its really nice and easy. Ive always hated the email on my iPod so this is awesome.
Wow! Never expected such a polished app from Yahoo...way to go. But PLEASE add a custom push notification sound for this app ASAP. Until then this cannot become my only app to access yahoo mail.
Love it
Is so much better and easy to use love it😍😍😍😍😍😍
I get all my messages really quick and this app makes my email more manageable. Thanks creators!!!
Love the App and the Updates, just like my desktop version #GR8Job
Very intuitive -- smokes gmail as the best mail app.
I love that I can now see when new mail is available and sorted into all of my different folders!!
Similar to the Gmail app, this app works great as a standalone app for Yahoo mail. I guess it also gives them an opportunity to start advertising !!!
Simple to use and nicely designed. But I cannot use it because it doesnt offer access to external linked pop accounts. Until they add this feature I will have to continue using the mobile site on my iPhone. And as someone else mentioned, I wish the stupid pop-up ad for the app would not appear every time I go to the mobile site.
First used this, I have seen every things working perfect just likes open mail at browser Internet..
The layout of the app is clean and easy to use. I especially like the easy to view attachment feature. Viewing photos is so easy! Well designed.
Totally awesome. I love it! Been a long time comin.
This is an iPhone app, no hd support for the iPad. Think ill stick with iOS mail till it supports hd.
willl give the last star as well if you bring the ipad version as well
Works great and practical
I own 3 web sites  (urls) that I bought at yahoo. Each website has its own email account.  I can not set up this app to access a specific email address.  I have tried signing in with different email addresses but it only gives me the email for the first account that I bought.  If you only own one yahoo address it might be fine for you.
Works well except that you cannot turn off alerts for new mail. Will delete app until this is fixed.
Love it
Cant find way to get external mail.
Although it looks similar to the website, why does Yahoo constantly try to shove apps at us that nobody wants or uses??? Finance??? Sportacular??? Its one thing to make apps like these an optional " plugin" but at the same time it would be really nice to be able to hide or delete all this BS that i no intention of ever using!!!!
This app offers more features than the standard iPhone options via email. LOVE IT
I love this app .
I love how my iPhone has a yahoo app now I can check my email wherever I go.
Too much spam and junk emails. I recomend gmail.
Great app like it
Good app. Makes managing personal and company email on the same phone easy.
I like it.  Just wish there was an automated response for out of office
This app is excellent.  It is easy to use and allows you to easily create folders to archive old mails.
Well Done Guys 👍
Great job!
Easy to use and I love using it.
Great app!! Its convince to check email account.. Lov it!
I like using this app but its just to slow for me and half the time it dont wanna delete messages :/
Crashes, never opens, but always shos me I have a message, even if I dont!
A lot easier than the one thats preinstalled on the phone
Great app, easy to use and very accessible.
This is the third time Ive installed and tested this app over the past eighteen months. As usual its one step forward .99 steps back. Has anyone tried to open an attachment? Good luck. The one positive thing I can say about this app, and the Web UI for that matter, which Ive used daily for the past 12 years, is it is consistent in its ability to be hobbled by obvious flaws that any software designer worth their salt would be embarrassed by. Its not like Email is a new design challenge after all. How Yahoo! continues to put out schlock like this with the resources at their disposal is amazing to me. Their laziness with design and usability continues to be a gift to their competitors.
App crashes and wont reopen all the time
The first time I installed the app it worked.  Every time I go to open it.  It does nothing.  Not a good app.  I am getting rid of it!
Impossible to use.
App is good but it does need a calendar.  I would like to be able to set appointments and send meeting makers.
It was great when I first downloaded it but, as of late it takes me four to five times trying to open it for it to open - crashes almost immediately the first few times.
Easy to use very efficient and love the design
Good
I have deleted the app a number of times because it only works 3/4 times then it doesnt want to open after that. I love it if it would work.
Very Good!  I prefer this app than going thru the IOS.
This app have a good look, smooth
App shuts down without opening mail. It worked for the first few days but now no matter how many I open the app it never gets to my mailbox. Seriously irritating!!
Very easy to use and I love the color of everything!!!!!!
This App is very good so far would be great if u guys can add " open in ibooks" option to yahoo mail PDF attachment. Thank you.
Great addition for Yahoo users. Easy to use. Thanks.
Wonderful for deleting spam from the spam folder!
I like the app just because I only use yahoo for email anyway
Buggy, crashes, and shows that yahoo cant keep up in the game these days..still better than messing with their website. just get a gmail account and give up this travesty. I dont plan on using my yahoo anymore after this.
It loads then the screen disappears. I havent even been able to use it for weeks now.
You finally got it right. Fast, simple and usable.
No obvious way to turn off notifications so I get a ring every time junk mail gets dropped in my in-box.
Like the official yahoo mail app; better than the web app they used to promote (which used to take over my safari tabs). Now if only they would add iPad support on this app!
I hate this app! It is so annoying and evidently (according to Apple) it is the only plan to get email on  iPhones with 6.0 above if you already have an email in an older phone.  This app alerts me to every email that comes in with no way to turn it off.  This is a horrible solution to a problem Apple made. Yuk!
Definitely improved.
I really like this app. So far no crashes. I have been a premium user for years and I wish that there was a version for premium users to support premium  services like aliases ect.
This app is awesome!
Having Y! mail as an app is great - much better than accessing through the web. The app is very clean and stable.
Almost as good as the gmail app. No problems at all.
This app is better than the first yahoo app that came out for viewing my emails. I use my account everyday and now can access my emails a lot easier than before. Ive only had it for about 5 days now and I plan on keeping it, also I do recommend it for anyone who has a yahoo account.
I really like this app. It delivers the mail. No fuss and just enough frills.
There are still lots of improvements to be made. The first thing that happened to me shortly after switching from the iPhone mail program to this is to lose my draft email. It suddenly disappeared altogether.
Thank u
I would tell my friends and family to get this app
Love the app! Absolutely nothing buggy about it it works perfect!
It is Awesome it rocks Is cool
It works good I really recommend it to those who always check there emails. It works good on apple products and the kindle fire.
I gave 4 stars only because it doesnt download all my pix I sent to my email. Other then that its a really good app! :)👍
It is now my main mail app
A function that needs to be added will be 5 stars once added.
Great job yahoo mail team!
Great App, but needs multiple account functionality. I have more than one Yahoo Mail Account.
Id like complex sorting as a feature.
I like the old email but the pop up for new email keeps popping up so I caved and got the new email just to stop the infernal pop up
Very handy
Would like this app to be able open more then one yahoo account at same time. Its a pain to sign out just to sign into another one.
I think Yahoo can add a few more configuration options, beyond that seems to be a great option to check mail on the go.
Very good!!
Perhaps I have some bug issues, because this app is horrible. Not at all what I remembered it to be. It wont load and if it does it shows the wrong number of emails. It also wont remove emails that I have deleted, I have to log onto a computer and remove them. Its at least alerting me to new emails and sending push notifications. That a great help.
Very good app with a lot of advantages.
I love this app its so fast I love the color and the design. I would give it a million out of hundred rating. So happy
I recommend this app because it is for apple products and kindle and you can due your finance on it and when you check mail on apples mail app it doesnt seem as good as the new yahoo app
I rarely take the time to rate and review an App but this Yahoo Mail App is really worth 5 stars! Awesome app! Fast and very easy to use. Thanks for this app!
Everything is awesome except there is no empty spam button , unless I just cant find it.
Better
Really a good app but how do you shut off the sounds and alerts. Very annoying as it also is not controlled by the phone volume that I can see.
Even better since the update. Keep up the good work Yahoo!!!
Crashes a lot. Cant archive. Makes texting sound. Very annoying.
Works for me
Though I really wish you can check your favorite email you have selected, but other than that I love it.
Love this app. If you use yahoo mail, its a must have.
Its no Google or for that matter, no Outlook Express!
Easy to use and very handy
Simple! Simple! Easy to navigate!
I like this app very much. It is simple and very useful.
Like it .:)
I have been big fan of Yahoo for quite a few years. I love the layout for the mobile devices. very user friendly.
I have to "open" this app at least 10 to 12 times, with it crashing 9 - 11 before eventually opening.  Who designed this app, Microsoft?  This is the worst app on my phone - period.
I pay for that, and a company like Yahoo cant figure out how to make it accessible from my iPhone?  And you arent embarrassed?
❤
I was unable to delete contacts using this app, but otherwise a good product.
Im very happy
This app is quick and easy. I gave it 4 stars not 5 because  I just got it and only had about 1 hour of playing with it. So far tho now problem.
Agree with the masses.. It was a great app until it started crashing all the time! Lets get the update rolling Yahoo!
Repeatedly crashes. Often wont load. Disappointing.
This is a great app
I love the app. I dont use the mail that came with the phone.
One word, excellent!
App needs to have capability to access multiple yahoo email accounts without having to log out.
Great new look!
Would be better if you could add multiple accounts and be able to switch between them. Also, would also be nice if the messages were grouped into like conversations if they are from the same sender.
I didnt think it would be this good but yahoo well done.
Love this app it works great n no crashing to me sorry about the other ppl :(
Crap
Works great. My comfortable yahoo mail, perfect.  Thanks!
Easy to use right off the bat-makes sense.
Finally Yahoo! makes the email experience a pleasant one...  No ad banners and simple minimalistic design is exactly what Yahoo! needed.  great Job Melissa!  I did not give it 5 stars because the ability to change the settings is limited.
I like the app but its been slow and now wont load up for almost a week now. Had to go back to using mobile browser.
This app is nice looking and easy to use but I have 3 yahoo mail accounts. It would be nice to access all of them without logging off each time. GMail app allows access to 5 accounts.
Its a good starter for Yahoo. I like it. However how do I delete the entire Spam and Trash can without having to open and erase one at a time. Too time consuming.  An update on this please
App doesnt let you sign into multiple accounts simultaneously.
Wow! Yahoo Mail! One of the Best! Has it all! Yahoo Mail again has it all.
Very useful app
I have no problem with the app. It took a long time to get here, but its fine. My problem is with Yahoos spam filtering. This last update allows you to bring items back from the spam folder... Because you will be moving so much spam into the folder you might accidentally need to recover non-spam, occasionally - get a gmail account.
Its as good as an app can be. I use it excessively &amp; it never fails me.
I have read all my emails, yet the app icon says I still have unopened emails. Kind of annoying and hope Yahoo! fixes this ASAP or Im deleting this app for good.
Nice
Works well and i enjoy the folder functionality!!
Works great. Have not run into any issues. Love it!
So far so good 👍👍👍
its good when you are on the go.
I cant check my mail because the app closes before it opens. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling, it just doesnt work. Please fix!!
Love it, Easier to read the mail.
Yahoo charges for business mail and then denies app access.
Dhnh
This a great and useful app, except there is no select all button..it makes it difficult to erase messages..
Im glad that I can use this app because the mail box for the iPhone didnt want to open my mail
This is a long needed app (the earlier yahoo all-in-one app was hairy). Just one bug makes me delete this. It ignores the iOS notification system. Even when I disable notifications, it jingles in the night when a new mail comes, as others have noted. Hopefully, they will fix this soon.
I like this app, Im so glad that Yahoo finally has this app. They have more to improve.
This work ten times better than Apples Mail App
Personally I dont like it... It keeps kicking me out and sometimes its just slow. At times it works fine but the fact that it kicks me out often, I just dont like it!
Like it. Access to spam folder &amp; ability to label emails in the inbox as spam is great. Access to all folders and ability to manage them. Can be improved e. g. Notification sound selection PLEASE ADD EMAIL SEARCH.  Also, should add FAX service for a nominal fee.
No bugs. Works perfect.
but we need aol mail, pretty please!!!
I just downloaded today but so far so good. My company blocks non company mail servers to reduce virus risks so my yahoo in the regular mail app on my phone doesnt work on wifi at work, which is no good, this works much better than the previous version I tried. Good job yahoo.
People should try this
I never get any mail if I do say my email
Ive had to reinstall this app 3 times. Works okay for a bit, then wont open. I like the features, but its so glitchy its frustrating.
Need to be able to turn on and off push from this app. Once you set it on download, you dont have the option to change it.
Cant get a mail from contacts inbox separated from the main inbox. 😡
Doesnt work as good as its previous ones , if your looking for fast mail without the hassle than stick with what you got before your thinking of downloading this
Nice apps for iPhone! Thanks! :)
great when i can get to my account but if i cant which is often lately its worthless
The app is fast loading, but really needs to allow for accessing multiple yahoo accounts simultaneously
Needs an update. Half the time I try to open the app it gives me the purple Yahoo screen and then returns to my home screen. Sometimes Im lucky and it opens. Would like an easier way to delete multiple emails at a time. Still needs work.
Maybe its something Im overlooking, but it must be IMPOSSIBLE to find...WHY cant I open any attachments??? Every attempt says, "Something went wrong opening the page". Now Ive went thru all these reviews just to make sure I wasnt saying something that no one else is experiencing, but, I found there were others. Im at a loss for this, and very frustrated having to wait till I get to a computer just to download the attachments...smh
Easy to use
I tried it, didnt like it, deleted it. But, every time I go to my regular yahoo mail I get the pop-up for the app. The pop-up will not go away. There should be an option on the pop-up page to not ask again.
The interface is responsive, modern and intuitive. All user-created folders are available at the left (just swipe to open). Settings within the app and in iOS Settings app are complete without being overwhelming. Very nice.
I been wating just a mail app on iphone it very nice well put and now im just wanting a yahoo group app on iphone so i can check my groups out
Not enough mailbox options, doesnt sync with iOS
Just in time. Just what I needed instead of using yahoo website. Its just like my computer .
This app is ok. I hope you can add a password function to be protected...HELP PASSWORD!!!
I like this App, the layout is attractive and the links to the other features of Yahoo are effortless.
This app is constantly crashing.  Its good when it works
I really liked the app until the last update.  Now it shuts down before it even opens!  When will this be fixed?!
Does not support Yahoo business user accounts. Useless to me.
I was waiting for this a very long time, finally here, good job!
This is a great mail app. I would say its equal to if not better than the gmail app. I might just start switching all of my email over to Yahoo! Mail.
Easy to use
The app crashes 99% of the time. Unusable. Was really, really hoping for more from the "new" Yahoo.
The app is simple enough to use and has a nice design; I just wish there was a feature to add folders. Other than that, I dont have any problems with this app so far.
The integrated mail function on my Iphone works a lot better.  The "new message" counter for the app does not work smoothly.
Works GREAT!!!! Definitely worth downloading.....THANK YOU, YAHOO!!! :)
Worked great - emphasis on past tense, but now all it does is show logo screen and crash :( even tried reinstalling! Fix immediately please!!
Great app works perfect
Works great.  Need to be able to use disposable email address, though.
Love it its awesome. :-)
Very nice but  one small itty bitty con- I wish they would have added the little trash can next to the spam and trash folders like the web based mail has...
I do like the app, but I would enjoy a feature to add new folders. I have to log onto my computer to set this up.
since new year some how, it was working normal and never clashed at once. I still receive the push notifications tho, then I open the apple mail app to check. For the push notification, i leave 2stars. Waiting for next update soon.
W00t
It work well and I love it.
Easy to use
Simply the best mail app.
Very easy to use and navigate.  A great app!
Please fix the bug it has. Keeps crashing when I try to open it. It works like 5 times then this. Also only opens up the emails partially. Really annoying.  😑✌.
Make the annoying splash page pushing this app on safari yahoo mail go away. Tried this app, did not like it- and the splash page on the browser is still there.
Great app. Yahoo! is on its way back to being a market leader.
So easy to use, great new features.
Folders show email in it but when you enter, no email in folder.   Duplicate emails.   Perhaps 15 years of emails is slowing it down?
Is it unable to handle more than one account? Would be better if I could add my second yahoo account.
Please fix the bug! It worked fine, but now it crashes all the time and takes forever to open back up.
Will not open. It continues to crash even after reinstall and restart!
Yahoo was late to develop an iPhone app and have a long way to go to catch up with their competition.  Very few options to customize this sometimes irritating app.
Great 4 my mail; the best!!!
Great speed, clean interface. Thrilled not to depend on slow IMAP experience.
Not intuitive or with easy use instructions, e.g., couldnt figure out how to set up mail folders.
So I can delete messages easily. Also switch between multiple yahoo email accounts. Will give 5 star rating then!
I love it
I like it so far!  I am a long time subscriber of yahoo have not been totally disappointed
Convenient, very easy to use , I now have my e-mail to go.
I like this app...very convenient
Really no poin in downloading it, just go in to safari and go to mail from there. It makes deleting multiple messages insanely hard and stressful. And majority of the time it wont let you see all of your emails, the number is there but you cant access them.
Love this app, its for my personal mail account and it keeps me up to date.
I loved this app when I first downloaded it. It was super convenient minus the fact that I couldnt check all of my yahoo accounts. Then, it just stopped working. Every time I attempt to open it, it crashes. Very disappointed.
Simple app that works
Fast and clean UI  - I love it!
adding folders/mailboxes to archive to. otherwise, great update! love the photo attachment integration. people complaining about notifications: its the same as any app. go to your iPhone settings then notifications, and turn off everything but badges.
Only compliant is its not universal.
Great clean interface but it lacks access to disposable email addresses for premium accounts, which is really the only reason I still use yahoo mail.
This app is awesome and the UI is amazing!
I heavily use mail lists to email my sports teams. This app has no means of accessing my Yahoo mail lists nor maintaining those lists. As a result this app is useless.
Works fine for me and I do enjoy using this app.
Love it!
I really love the re-design!
Great App
Great app!
Nice apps &amp; works great...
Great
Nice
I feel that the moble version lacks some of the desktop content. I have to go to the desktop to access certain functions. That adds a few more steps than I would like. Maybe instead of making the moble version an expurgated version you could just make it moble friendly while still having the full content.
Really like this new app!  Much better.
Great app!! Very neat and simple.
Awesome app efficient way to get school work done! :)
Ok
Really quick response in fixing my folder issue and great update overall (especially considering prior versions). Needs a print option but really solid.
Does what its supposed to and very efficiently. The app runs great and is easy to use.
Great app! So much better than email on iPhone!! Thank you
This application does not work properly at all. When I receive mail and try to open the application it goes to the yahoo mail home screen and freezes. It doesnt open the app and instead closes out and sends me back to my iPhone home screen.
Needs filters so I can just read my unread mail.
Its already been said in other reviews a ton of times but it really is the biggest piece missing here... Multiple account support. Without it, I dont have any use for this app and Ill be sticking to the regular mail app until that option is added. On the positive side, everything seems pretty quick and smooth and I had no issues reading, writing, navigating, etc. I saw another reviewer comment about not being able to access other mail servers... buy why would you be able to? This is a Yahoo app after all. Its like asking why I cant buy Pepsi from a Coke machine. Common sense people. Anyway, if you only have one Yahoo account, the app is worth the download. If not I would day wait until multiple account support is available.
Works great
I like the clean look.
I think this app is ok because sometimes it doesnt send but most of the times it does.
Can we write emails from one of our alternative From: email addresses? The regular Yahoo app/Mail section allows this but overall I would like it on this app so I could use it instead.
I think more Yahoo apps could be combined together in this.
Good app
I absolutely love this app
Does not show forwarded e-mail
One of the best yahoo apps yet
Poor dont waste your time
Constantly crashes...barely even opens anymore. Needs major bug fixes!
Its so far so good. Im having trouble editing &amp; deleting things on my profile. Can u fix this?
No sorting feature-cannot sort mail by date or sender
Enough said
It was decent but now crashes non stop. Why Yahoo cant just get their mail to work like any other mail provider astounds me in the first place.
Great ap! Now if it only had notification on its icon of how many emails are waiting, like the native email ap.
Finally can use yahoo mail properly on my iPhone. People who have used the gmail app will find them selves right at home with this one. Great job yahoo.
thanks Yahoo keep up the good work
Wish you could add more than one account and no have to log out and back in other than that hassle it is a good app
It will be different from native mail app if    there is option to set PIN for accessing this app.
iPad version now please!
I love yahoo
Great
Has some bugs.  Doesnt always work right.
Just what is need to stay in sync with your y~mail.
Its really great and helpful to check my mail^^ i highly recommend this^^
This app is very user friendly but I have not found it to be reliable. Several times a day the inbox will list a number of new messages but it will not display them, even after refreshing multiple times.
I started using this app when the IOS mail wouldnt push anymore. Coincidence? It works well, particularly with designating some email as spam. I do wish I could change the text height and color scheme.
Thank you for your wonderful program and very nice
Great app, much faster than the mail app that comes with iPhone. However on that original mail app you can make it so when you hear the sound you know its a new mail and not a text. On the Yahoo mail app when I hear the familiar sound I dont know if its a new mail or new text message since its same sound. Please let us choose another sound and youll get 5 stars! Other than that its great app!
Good app better then mail app for my iPhone.
New updated mail looks great. Finally they did it.
I love it
Works perfectly to have the access at the palm of your hand
I tried this app bc the iPhone mail app quit working:(  It really has some nice features- like the ability to mark spam.  However the search function searches EVERY folder, not just the one youre in so you have to scroll through all sorts of messages in other folders including trash.  Also, it doesnt allow your to search by "from", "to" or "subject" which I use all the time.  Finally, when you are composing a message and select a contact with one email it still pops up the email address for you to select.  This is unnecessary and annoying after a while.
Crashes every time if open
Good but some time crush immediately
The app worked good the first few times I used it but now it wont open at all.
Very cool, easy to use
Crashes constantly. Will not show contacts. Sticks on contacts screen and I must shut down and restart app to get out. Imported two copies of each of my user-created folders. No way to delete extra folders from app - had to delete and reinstall app. Constantly alerting me to junk emails that are being diverted into the unsubscribe folder. Loads very slowly. More Ive forgotten. Deleting app now - its not worth the trouble. Ill just create a bookmark to yahoo mail on my home screen, which us pretty much what the old mail "app" was anyhow. FAIL.
Without signing in and out. :(
Started out great, but a little slow. Now I have to make 6 attempts to open it because it keeps crashing.
I like this app more than the app that apple provides for mail, but I spent a lot of time on the pc deleting unwanted emails and now they still appear in this app. Ive tried logging out and logging in but it doesnt help. This seems pointless!
I like that I can check my emails easily and reply with no problem. I do all the main stuff like deleting, spam, and making new folders on my laptop so I wont get inertupted by a phone call or text.  Great app, at least for me.
Petty good
This is a great app!
I like that now you can select all of junk mail and delete it in one shot :)
Easy to use, theres no confusion ... Very convenient .
For people who wear reading glasses. So we dont have to enlarge with our fingers and have to constantly scroll back and forth
Good app. How do I turn sounds off?
Its gr8
3 stars till you make it universal (for iPad)
The app is okay. It has a lot of bugs and its annoying. For example there is no unspam button. Hard to work with in my opinion
I was hoping to be able to send email to groups if the option is available it is not easy to find.
Easy to navigate, everything just works. If its crashing on you, try resetting your phone first and then open it or delete it and download it again. If you dont know how to reset your phone, then google it.
Id love this optimized for iPad, too.
Even better after the update
I have not had a single issue with this app and makes reading my personal email easy at work.
This app works great!! So much more functionality than iphone mail. I love being able to attatch more than 1 photo.
Doesnt load. Slow. I have deleted it after using it for less than 2 weeks
Love it easy to use but I would love a delete all button for the spam and trash box
It is helping to fix my troubles on the Internet taking forever but as some other comments said.... It does need a little improvement. I am not saying it is a bad app!!!!!
love dis app
Love that there is finally a yahoo mail app, however it very rarely opens for me. I have had to reinstall twice in the last three weeks. Sometimes it will go days at a time without loading. Definitely needs some kinks worked out but has the potential to be a great app.
Love  this app works good and I can see all my folders
Makes getting and receiving mail so much easier!
Finally a Yahoo mail APP that works for the IPad. what I have been  waiting for.
Yeah
Need to be able to turn off the "notify" feature for incoming mail. I uninstalled it because of this
Like it better than iPhone mail
It works but for some reason there is a copy of the app in another location on my home screen with the loafing bar and it always says loading. Only way to make it go away is to delete the app. Tried several time redownloading with always the same result. Cool but not worth two spaces on my home screen when I can yes apples email app.
When will you be releasing an IPAD version??? The default iOS email app is lacking, and this app you released is better but only good for iPhones due to the small screen and compact keyboard. Please make an iPad or Universal version. Please!
I wasnt able to check my email on the mail app that came with my iPod but now i can because I have this app
Excellent!!
... every time i would turn my ipod on its side to type better, it keeps crashing :( hope that gets fixed!! but overall its a great yahoo app :)
I was hopeful that this would let me sign in to my Yahoo mail but it doesnt. I consistently get the message that my account must be verified, but nothing works to verify it, even logging in from a browser on the phone or the laptop. Think Ive finally had it. Since yahoo support never responds to my request for help I guess Ill transfer my account to another ( ANY other) mail service. Dont waste your time with this worthless app that does nothing. would get 0 stars if I could.
Came back to check reviews and I see that Im not the only one experiencing the crashes. Opens about 1 in 5 times. Bothersome. Ill delete and maybe try again when the bug is fixed.
Its pretty basic. Overall, pretty good app
this is a good app in that it no longer crashes as it did with the last version. but now this app doubles all the extra folders that you may have set up for your email. very very annoying.
Runs smooth, works great. Very pleased. Had to use the yahoo mail website before.
Worked ok in the beginning, but was crashing every time I try to open. Will have to add yahoo mail to native iOS mail app.
luck of multiple user
Was working well a few days ago, but now, it keeps on crashing when opening . Needs many tries to have it opened .
The app was great for a while and then all of a sudden it just stopped letting me open the app. It crashes. Please fix it.
Good. Almost as good as the full pc version
Love it jist as good as original
Very easy and simple to work with.
Yahoo had honestly become pure crap! This glitchy app will not let me delete emails and allows tons if spam through! I swear Yahoo spam filters dont work on purpose so they can make money off of the spammers! Pure Crap!
Give me the option to sign out.  Once you sign in, you stay signed in.  I share my iPad and I would like to be able to log into my e-mail when I have it, and sign out when someone else in the family has it.
A lot better to use than the email app that comes with the iPod touch.
It works fine... Great app
I have tried to open and it wont.
I do not like the new mail  I want the old version back. No option to delete all. Horrible new version.  Mail is too slow and crashes
Notification continues to say there is mail adter all mail has been read and deleted. Very annoying.  No way to select all to empty SENT SPAM or TRASH.  MAKES APP USELESS.
Great UI, runs quick, and includes features the generic iPhone mail app does not, but had to drop it since only one account can be configured.  Cmon Yahoo!?
So far...so good!
Its the most important app you will ever need
I enjoyed
Hmm well.. I really enjoy this app. Thank you(:
I love this app because it separates the spam from everything else..you dont even have to go through and delete spam messages!!😃 A-mazing😉
Was working great for a week now it just sends notifications and mail wont load to open
Good app. You can be anywhere and download important paper work.
Love it works great!!
I like the app better than the iPhone mail, but a couple things would make it better. A feature that only alerts you when you get email from your contacts would be nice so I dont get notified every time I get spam mail. Also, I cant play .mov attached to an email sent to me from a friends iPhone. Still have to go over to the apple mail app to play them.
Its better if you like just checking mail and not new or web functions. Cant read any other mail except inbox. Every other mailbox says it doesnt have any mail Even though theres a number on the main screen saying that you do have quite a few numbers of mail attachments
Worked fine until today, wont open at all. Ive tried 12 times throughout the day, the door is shut. Using the browser until fixed.
Update January 1, 2013: Still horrible!  Doesnt open consistently on my iPhone. Unbelievably bug-filled. Without consistency of access, an app becomes useless, and ultimately discarded.
I like but on my Straight Talk phone I can touch my name at top left and have option to switch between the two emails addresses. This app on IPhone/IPod I can not. Other than that I like new app and have had no problems.
great app and useful
Needs multiple email account support.
Great love it
I like this app very quick on my Iphone IOS 6
So far so good! It could be a little faster...
This app is really nice it dose not crash like most but iam useing a iphone 4,i hope it works for everyone else how it dose me i love it
ok
Have been using the app for a few weeks now and had been working great.  Yesterday the app would not open. Hoping a reinstall works.
I wish they would figure out how to facilitate group email. I cant import my group email to this app.
Worked at first but now it doesnt. Just get purple Yahoo screen then back to desktop.
Great app! Like folder view showing number of unread emails in each folder. Would like to be able to print from this app rather than from the iPhones email app, but other than that, this app shines!
I like that it uses yahoo contacts since I dont otherwise have them synced to my phones contact list. However, I was hoping that it would support sending from different email addresses that are associated with my account; but, it doesnt.
App works great
The emails still show up on the app as unread, even after you check these emails.
was working find, but now the app wont even open. just crashes and still has notification that i have new mail and wont delete! pls fix!!!! very frustrating!!!
I enjoy using this app.  It makes checking my Yahoo email very easy.  My only complaint about this app is the inability for any search options For Inbox, Sent and Deleted Emails.
It is a good app
Easy to use and very efficient!📱
Great for my iPhone 4, BUT IM STILL WAITING FOR iPAD VERSION!!!!!!!
I like this app it works fast for me
Quite exdroidanary
Easy to use and overall its a good app.
The new UI is very clean and easy to use. Very nice!
Very nice interface and very fast.
Please add the ability to bulk delete the contents of the Spam and Trash folders, the same way it works in the web browser version of Yahoo Mail.
Cant shut off email notifications. Otherwise, good app. Would rather use browser if this cannot be fixed.
Cant stop the emails from popping on to my screen. There is hard to find if any explanation for stopping that.
Was looking for an applicAtion that can run yahoo mail. Its fantastic! Keep up the good work yahoo!
Easier!!
Tops,very good an simple to use
I like this app a lot and I dont rate many apps tho I have tried many different apps. Im rating this in the hopes that soon you will fin a way to put Yahoo Groups on this app would make things so much easier... Just a small request thank u...
😍😍😍😘😘
I like this service its very facebook
Its good:-)
By far the best email app out there.
It was great!
Great app.. but it would be good to have a "file attach" option!
I love this app its like a shortcut because I use to have to go on the Internet and get on my email
The app says I have 4 messages in my inbox and there is nothing there and it wont go away pretty annoying and the notifications are supper annoying too!
Ymail is a good App. Simple to use.  Everything it should be and nothing else.
This app is by far better than mail app Ive used. Whoever designed it actually took time and feedback on what users would like. There are some minor issues such as, when swiping an entry to delete, the icon doesnt always respond. One other thing I would love to have corrected is on occasion when deleting sent or trash, you get multiple, "Delete message?", no matter what your settings are. Everything else is all good.
The best part is that I can select all message and mark them as read! I dont see that in Apple mail app. Good job!
Great, updates just find.
The app is clean and fast. Great job guys. Can you add functionality to allow more than one account at a time? That would be really useful.
I can see all my folders so thats great. Thanks. But when Im composing a new message I lost the ability to be able to select which email account I will designate as the sender. I will go back to my Apples mail App. (Sigh).
Cannot view custom folders!
Finally see good work coming out of Yahoo! Keep up the nice work.
Cool
Been playing with the new app for over a day now. Love it! Love the speed of the app + additional actions on swipe.
The best app ever.
Been using this app for some time now its a great app very useful especially blocking those spam mails earlier the inbox was freezing out an logging me out but I had a recent update fantastic
I like this update
is okay
New Boss ~ Results = Im a bit giddy; Im liking Yahoo so much better. Noticed immediate improvements. Im not easily impressed; but, Im a fan, again ~ after some time dancing with another . . .
This is an awesome piece of app
Often wont any emails in the folders and cant turn off notifications. How this got past testing is beyond me.
App section is useless.
Yahoo has rocked my whole life.
Nice and clean very smooth.  Love it
Works better than the mail app on the iPhone.
Awesome, no more opening safari.
I love having my email at my fingertips. I wish all of them were this easy. The iPhone has a way of bundling your messages in a way them makes them less accessible at times. Perhaps its something that Im doing wrong, however, I appreciate being able to get my yahoo messages whenever and wherever I want.
Use the app all the time. Great way to stay in touch. App works great.
So far the app is a little faster for checking my email but has serious issues when I try to delete the spam box or trash. App keeps crashing and or doesnt delete the messages.
Nice clean app
Nice job..
Very nice but cannot delete the trash and spam on this app
Perfect
Nice and fast
This is pretty much gmail but with the yahoo emblem.
Where is the ability to add another account?
This app consistently crashes Andalusia it very difficult to monitor email.  It also once signed in it duplicated all the folders in the app as well as all unread mail.  Lastly the badge app icons show new mail but if you get the app open the new mail is not in the app but still needing to be downloaded.  The push features should push the mail not just the notification.
The app. is good for people on the go who cant always check their mail at home. It seems to have all the basic options you need.
I like it and its fast. Well done Yahoo! Wish Apple can fix their native mail App soon.
Easy to use
Very useful app.
Cannot get mass items to delete!  It says they are deleted, but yet they are still there and the number of items never decreases.
Crashing ugh
I love this new app especially on my iPhone .
forgiveness from Almighty God and repent to Him
It does not delete mail
I dont know what happened to crash your mail app but figure out a solution before everyone googles it.
I like this app
After signing out it still sends me new email notification.
Nice app
iPhone movies emailed to my Yahoo! account do not work. What is up with that? Also, I cant move attachments out of the email to save them to my phone.
Got the app a week ago, be working great .... Up until today. Wont open :( tried uninstall and reinstall, tried rebooting. Nothing works.
NOW, I can actually use my Yahoo account easily on my iPhone!
When Im able to add a second account Ill give it the fifth star. Other than that its a great app.
Update
But where is sign out on the app... There is nothing on this that I could sign off
Really easy to use!
This is a great app keep up the good work
Best app ever
Wish it was like yahoo mail droid app with more options. Dont like yahoo apple version. Please update to do same as droid app. Then I will give 5 stars.
Thanks for this app :-)
Well I like this app because you do have to go though the app on App Store but you have to sign in to your account
I like what I see. Thanks!
Shows that you have mail but when you open the app, it only then tries to get the mail. Frequently it fails and refuses to show you the mail that it insists you received.
This app is a big improvement over the native mail app in iOS. Though not as good as the gmail app, it has a good interface and is generally easy to navigate. I think it lacks a search function. Overall I havent looked back since I stopped using the native iOS app and started using this app for my yahoo mail.
This is the first app for yahoo mail that I like. Well done Yahoo!
If you get the app to actually launch its great! It allows you to handle your mail quickly and stay on top of it. However, typically you click on it and wait. And wait. And wait. And then it takes you to the home screen. Try again (and repeat) if youre lucky, itll only take three tries. But, Im on my 7th try right now. And ton doesnt support the iPad!!! What?!
iPhone version is far better.  Not worth downloading
Fantastic App
Easy to use! Loaded with lots of great features. Deleted mail account on iPhone. Just use this! 😎👍
So far, so good.
So basic. Looks like my 2 year old designed it.
Hey guys, thanks for making an app for us. Apple doesnt seem to like communicating with yahoo mail. However, your app still doesnt seem to do anything. Every time I tried opening it says is a problem.
Amazing fast mail app!
About time theres one stop mobile Internet!!
Love it when it works, unfortunately thats rare. App wont open on my iPhone. I get the alerts that I have mail but cannot get to them. Frustrating!
Made me go back to yahoo since it made it a lot easier to check, send emails.
Ive had yahoo for 15 years now and never had any problems! It just gets better and better! Its also a wonderful app!! Thank You Yahoo for all that you do, you guys keep up the great work!!
Great app, when it opens. The crashing issue is a great annoyance. It shouldnt take 5 separate times of pressing the icon to get it to open. Fix that, and itll be pretty sweet.
It works amazing for me! I couldnt ask for more!
Very Good
Great app, but constantly crashes or just wont load. Very disappointed in the quality from yahoo. Expected better.
Useless. Keeps logging out on its own. Doesnt refresh. So much for a MobileFirst company.
No photos folder :(
This app doesnt have the single button to empty spam and trash folders which is available on the web app.
This app works for a day, then will crash. Have to uninstall and reinstall to get it to work another day. Worthless.
Worked OK  for 2 weeks, but noticed 2 sets of same folders, then app stopped working, even after restarting iOS. Re-installed today. If happens again will uninstall
Nice look and feel.  Fast and works great.
Great
Ive always been a loyal yahoo mail user. I love how responsive the app is.
Wonderful experience!!!
Much faster than using the browser interface. I dont see why people are complaining about not having their folders, maybe they dont realize how to get to them or move messages to them- pretty similar to the browser interface in that aspect. Now if only I could enable it as my default mail client for the phone!
The first couple days I had the app it was awesome! Now I get a purple page then it just closes. It doesnt open the mail at all. Please fix - I couldnt find a way to open a help ticket.
At first for about 2 days, was really cool. Then it started crashing, cant open or get to my email acct. I uninstalled  it. I have had yahoo for years. Very disappointed in this update for iPhone. I uninstalled then reinstalled, worked for a while now crashing again. Sent a statement to app support. They need to fix this!!
Does everything I need it to
Love the interface.
I rate this app 5 stars because it is very well put together and is smooth to use.
It is good and very practical
Super app
Amazing better than any other mail app on market.
Works very well! Is similar to the gmail one but, I prefer it over the built in iPhone mail application.
Small keys big fingers
Please add this ability ASAP. And why was it not there in this first version.
This app works great, but all folders I created to organize my emails are duplicated. Cant remove the duplicates or create new ones. Would like to see my changes sync up with the web mail.
I have to keep turning it off because the notification is same as my voicemails; also, i want the option to NOT have each email pop up like a text! In summary, its too rigid/not flexible enough.
Only giving 3 stars since have not found way to do email searches.  Other then that seems to work as intended.
Been waiting too long for this app. Great app that lets you swipe while previewing email. Settings also allow u to remove Yahoos tag line from responses
My pop acct screwed up... This works great
I realized I couldnt open attachments. Whats the point then?
Keep giving us the good stuff! We like to be pleasantly surprise! Great app Internet king!!!
Easy.. Convenient... Fast!!!
Fast app
There is no way to disable the screen pop-up and sound for this app without silencing the entire phone! Highly intrusive. Deleting!
PERFECT! thanks! *can actually send pictures! THANKSSS!
The app is easy to use
Cant change from standard tri-tone, please provide iPhone included sound selection option ASAP !
Great job yahoo! Love it
Great app works real well
Wont let me log in!!! Plz help
So far
I use daily, I really like
So much better than the iphone original app i love the check all an delete option. Its simple , easy , LOVE IT, wish my g mail had a joint acct. just like it!!!
I almost can never get a email done with out it crashing. And when I do it crashes during sending or as I open the app/ a email. It needs /MAYJOR/ fixing.
There are bugs that make it unusable. Deleted emails reappear and they show as unread.
Awesome
This is a very good app for Yahoo Mail users. I like it more than the native E-mail system. The only thing I would like is the ability to change the ringtone for notifications. Its default notification sound is the default for text messages. Ive had to change the tone of my text messages, so I can tell which is which. Im still getting confused when I hear the notification and think its a text message. This minor update would allow me to change things back to what I used to have. Again, its a minor thing, but would be something Id greatly appreciate.
I love this app, way better then apples built in email app, can delete your entire spam folder and select mail to trash much easier. only request is since all my emails are yahoo emails, it would be nice to be logged in to multiple accounts at one time.
Sometimes I tried to delete messages and the wouldnt delete. I tried logging out and back in and it wouldnt fix the problem
Nice app
Not universal, doesnt support multiple accounts. I prefer the native iOS Mail app to this one
Thank you this is so convienent and useful  so much easier than the internet!
I am quite happy with look but disappointed for not having folder showing in my mailbox.
Total crap....didnt transfer my email address. Have to keep old app.
I was excited to get this app, because I love yahoo mail, but when I downloaded the app and opened some of my mail, it would come up as read, but when I reopened the app later, the same mail came up as unread. Not happy.
I love this app so much😄😃😃 I hope you create like another app but even better
Just got this so far it does what I need it to
Great way to stay on top of my email
This app solved my basic email iPhone app: unable to connect server.  And it offers way more than the basic email iPhone app!!
Love it. Its easy and fast to get to. An Im notified like a text message which is AWSOME !
Great app. Updates made fantastic.
The yahoo email app is way better than the yahoo news app. It doesnt crash constantly like the news app. You cant open an email attachment on the news app because it doesnt let you forward or close it. Only problem is that it doesnt seem to automatically save your drafts. They just disappear. iPhone 4s
This app is cool and it is awesome love 💖it I can check my messages📩 were ever we go so I dont have to take my laptop💻 every were 😎😋😜😝😊
where is the iPad version❓Also, how about adding the option of different alert tones.
Nice quick easy to use.
Where are my custom folders?  I can see them if I wish to move an item but cant access them from the sidebar or retrieve anything from them once they are filed there.
Love it! Finally can delete all those annoying emails at once!!!
Great design and love ability of the attachments viewing
This app is great I get my mail the moment it comes in, never crashes, and always working.  I highly recommend.
Easy and familiar.
Why couldnt the developers make the app backwards compatible for those of us with older iPads that probably will never be upgraded to 6.X?
Love this app! I am always on the go with teaching and coaching 3 teams!! Its just super simple to use and looks really nice!
Very cool and refreshing design. Love the sliding concept.
App is a good start but its often sluggish.  Its slow to respond to user actions, slow in fetching email, scrolling doesnt feel silky smooth, the user experience is simply not on par with good iPhone apps.  Needs some work to get there.
All it does is show me I have emails. When I click on it it loads forever and the closes. If it happens to open it will crash as soon as I do something. Very irritating.
The best email
I hope itll support for iPad
I love this app, no complaints!!
So much better than using the stock apple email client. Bravo Yahoo!
Cant login...now its locked me out.
Great app. I use it more than my iPhone email app. Really nice.
.. this yahoo mail app is much better than previous version.
Really nice easy to work with
Use friendly interface
Im  some issues with app I wish could resolve,Im unable to remove email address before I forward an email that was sent to me
Very good app!
even after i updated the app its still doing the same things. wont let me delete mail
The app looks and feels good but it lacks support to print emails.
Berry good
No touch sensitivity!  Most if the time nothing happens because it doesnt feel the touch, thus you cant open a message nor check mark a message.  Besides the touch sensitivity it works well.
I love this app I can go to my yahoo acount on the go
Great improvement from the previous apps. Quick, smooth and lots of functions.
Looks good and now I can attach photos. I just could not figure out how to add a new folder (I am not sure if this feature is available yet).
Just installed this. It has already crashed 4 times in 5 minutes. Needs some major bug fixes. I would love to have it to manage my "junk" email account so my inbox doesnt fill up, but it looks like this one is a fail.
When i send an email, the receipient only sees my email address instead of my name when they look at their inbox. There is no way to change this that I can find.
For the most part way easier than the mail app that came on my iPhone. I would like to see an easier way to delete all in the folders instead of checking each email. Especially in the trash and spam folders.
The rare times I can get it to open, crashes soon thereafter. Please fix asap
Had no problems so far, using it for two weeks and so far it works to satisfaction.
Cant access custom folders. Also would like to see integration with Yahoo Messenger. Why two apps?
Needs AirPrint support
Best app yahoo has for ipod love it
Great!!!
Better than opening my laptop just to open my email when I can do it on my phone
This new app for Yahoo Mail is easy-to-use. Its a great addition to Yahoo apps
Doesnt seem to be a way to access Yahoo! Web Hosting subaccounts that are set up under main email account; only top tier account inbox and folders are available. Also, no way to create new folders or subfolders to file emails. Disappointed....will probably delete.
Very easy , nise
Nice nd clean
I tried this App and it had improvements from their previous version. But the app would close or I was unable to open it.  Emails would never be received Or get deleted automatically, even if your settings arent said to do so.  This mail app us very unreliable at this time.
This by far is the most useful app I have come across. Thumps up to Yahoo!
Very productive!
So far, the app is good. Theres no reason why I shouldnt give it 5star. I just wanna keep the half for myself.
I think its awesome, never have any problems and it does extremely well on organizing.
Usefull and fast
This app could be good, only problem is it wont stay open...i cant even read one email.  It is just too unstable in its current state to be of any use.  Please stabilize this app so it can do what it was designed to do.
My fav thing is being able to mark emails as spam. With the default mail application that comes with the iPhone you cant, with this you can.
I cant wait to see what yahoo comes out with next. They are going to lead the mobile app market, and this is a great start.
I like using the Yahoo Mail app better than the integrated iPhone email but have a hard time opening it. I downloaded the app, was able to get my email about 4 times before nothing. I tap on the app and it does nothing. Straight back to my home screen.
Decent app. I dont use yahoo as much as gmail these days. the only complaints i have is that I wish that you could view your emails faster, and that it synced quicker too
They should add access to Notepad.
Cool!
I agree this is a fantastic app as with the other reviewers but I took one star off because it doesnt allow for multiple accounts.
Thanks !!!
Little functionality
Downloaded the regular Yahoo app and was very disappointed👎. So glad this app popped into my banner and I cant he enough of it!!😊
I like this app.
This is the best it is better than gmail
A great app. Great features!
Crashes every time I launch it.  Id give zero stars if possible.  Deleted it and replaced w/a shortcut to Safari page.  Im done with this app.
Great for first few days, now keeps crashing.
I downloaded this apps because of the reviews claiming that it downloaded emails quicker than Apple Mail, but what I found, to my chagrin, is that it has no support for multiple folders whatsoever.  Back to the Apple Mail app....
I like this app better than the mail you get on iPhone
I sort into custom folders and cant access them on this app. Wont use it without this feature. I love yahoo mail but this app needs work.
It doubled my existing folders. I then inputted my contacts and it took every email address I had saved from emails not just my contacts and now I cant delete any contacts.
Does not alert me on my iPhone
Notifications, clean looks and the speed meets my expectations.
It works well first couple days, then crash for no reason, need to improve
I really like the new design and look plus all the features,nice work!
Awesome
It doesnt even work. This was a big inconvenience &amp; a waste of time.
Great app. Works better then the original mail client in the iPhone. hoping to see more updates to it soon. Thx
This is a good app
Very annoying
I downloaded this specifically to be able to search and there is no option to search
Yahoo did a good one. Thumbs up!
I actually do like that I get notified for each email. That keeps me from missing any important emails.
Okay so this yahoo app is amazing.. Now at least. Latest update was a miracle. Only thing I ask for is a "VIP" folder so I can write to just my VIPs instead of getting them mixed in with the regular inbox. It barely crashes anymore. Also, I love how the "delete all" option actually works. Maybe fix some crash glitches or freeze bugs, besides that.. Oh and when you reply to a message, its kind of monotonous to press "show original" underneath the email youre typing to remember what message youre replying to- I would love if there was a setting that you could just see exactly what youre replying to without pressing "show original" . Keep it up Yahoo!!!
I havent had any problems with the app. But how hard is it to work an app, honestly? But I like it.
The app is convenient but how can I turn off that annoying bleep sound every time I receive a new email???? Turn off the sound and Ill give the app 5 stars.
This app crashes every time I open it. Doesnt load unless Im in wifi or 3G area. Takes forever to load new messages.
A new version ! This time they seem to have gotten the anti spam working Finally!! Wish I could turn off the push notification.
Good
Works like a charm and I like that you can access messenger easily while in the app.
Love this app I can talk to my friends that lives out of state!!!!!
Seems really easy to use. Very simple to get around. Calendar would be an added touch but good with out it.
This app cant even sign in to multiple yahoo mail accounts, let alone other accounts. It LOOKS nice, but that doesnt make up for lack of functionality!
Yahoo Mail push settings dont work on my iPhone so I was forced to download this app. Even though I wasnt too amused that I had to download this app to read my Yahoo mail it is truly a well designed app by Yahoo.
I can not get the app to actually open. Ive been trying all day and it just closes down. When it finally opens, its so slow. Also i do not like the fact that it rings in as a text sound without any way to change it. I hAd to change my text sound because of it.
I like this app when it works. But it continually crashes. Ive deleted and reinstalled 3 times. 3 strikes and its out. Going back to another mail app.
So far So good!! Easy to navigate and to find and set up my folders,As long as it stays like this youll receive 5 Stars EVERY TIME!!!! THANX YAHOOOO!!!
Very good.It is very good app.
This app is awesome!!!!!
Great app
This is the best email app youll ever find!
Works fine for email access, but you cant turn off notifications. Why?! And theres no app icon in settings. Again, why?! you would think when you develop an app you make sure it works on all fronts. Fix it please.
Best app for yahoo email users
Needs to add the ability to have multiple accounts and need a delete all button...Then 5 Stars!!!
This yahoo mail is great, nice, and simple. I like it
Nice brilliant App
Doesnt work 75% of time, just wont start at all.
Hate it!!! Once I open it, it closes automatically!
Doesnt support small business email accounts.
Email content loads faster than on the iPhone built in app. Really enjoying this app, only missing ability for multiple accounts
Love it!!!!
Very good
Live the swipe to reveal message actions ala twitter. .
I just recently loaded this to iPhone. I love the instant access to my sub folders.  It allows me to respond to e-mails from my daughters school almost instantly.
Easy to use
Crashes every time I open it.
Great
The new app doesnt allow email from other webmail servers on mobile devices.
I love it
Its good, easy to use
Love it
Awesome
Nice app
It says "authentication unavailable"
Works fine on my iPhone 3G.
I have an iPhone 4. This app worked awesome at first, but now it wont even open. I have closed it and restarted it several times to try to fix it. I guess my next step would be to erase it and redownload it. I cant figure out why it just stopped working though.
Great app!!!!
It is boring
Thought it might be an efficient way to clean out my yahoo junk folder.....but its way too clunky.   Cant simply empty the whole folder like when in a browser.  Not universal for iPad either.
Add the ability to have more than one account
Frequent crashing on splash screens on new iPhone 5.  Badges show for new mail when there isnt mail.  Refreshing mailbox is slow.  Please fix.
Finally.
Otherwise, its a very good and easy to use app
Not trying to be mean but people researching if this App is good for them, or even if they should set up their email account with Yahoo should be discouraged otherwise. If you have long emails to write you will find yourself unable to do so as after the first two paragraphs all of your writing gets cut in half. Its hard to explain but incredibly irritating, wish I would have stayed with gmail. Needs fixed.
Recently its been closing, not opening and crashing. When it does work, its great.
I love Yahoo. Use it ALL the time. But I dont need to know when each junk email arrives. And I wouldnt delete, but I cant turn it off. Life is too short to live with ANNOYING apps.
Looks like the new CEO is making an impact already!!  This app is much better than the previous version. It is easier to use!! Thanks
Ill make it 5 stars if you guys added a feature where we can combine all the yahoo accounts we have.
So great
Much awaited. Simple. Elegant. Fast.
Exelente
No way to access my folders!
Since I have only one email, this works wonders for me!!!!(:
Doesnt support POP accounts managed through Yahoo Mail Plus. Still have to run that through Safari/Yahoo Mail/Check External.
Okay very simple and very practical and functional like me
I wish I could give it no stars. I was excited to get a Yahoo! mail app that had notifications, but this one is terrible, about as bad as the actual Yahoo! app. If you delete multiple emails then leave the app, theyre still there. You have to wait at least 10 seconds for them to delete before leaving the app. It also says that I have 1 unread email, but Ive refreshed the inbox and force closed the app, but it still says it.
Straight !
It will never open. Maybe 1 in 15 tries it will open.
Very good app So Far!!
Nice app
Lots of cool new features!!!
I downloaded the app and was very happy at first. The features are great and its easy to scroll through and delete large amounts if mail quickly. The problem is that it crashes. I successfully opened the app once, then every time I tried after that, it gets stuck on the purple screen forever then crashes, never even opening at all for me. I uninstalled then reinstalled the app after that. It worked for a day and now its doing the same thing it did before. Its really not worth the trouble to keep uninstalling and reinstalling the app, and trying time after time to open the app when it wont even open at all! Would be a great app if I could open it!
This is a horrible app. It is very hard to work. Get a different e-mail. Dont get it it makes me 😡😡😡
There appears to be bug in the app. As of a week ago, I get the purple screen for a minute or so when I open it and then it closes. I go through the motions five or six times before it actually opens. At this rate, its quicker to log in the old fashion way.
go yahoo! nice to see a solid product in market.
Does anyone know how to add or delete folders? Otherwise this app is useless to me.
Doesnt work
I love this app. They did such a great job. I gave 3 stars because well its a email app and it only supports one email address?!  Most people have more than one yahoo mail address. Please update!!
Would be great if they added a button so we can save photos from email to our phone. Easy, right?
This is a quick and responsive mail app! I created an email account with Yahoo just to try it out, and Im pleasantly impressed! This might become my main email!
Works wonderfully with folders and all. Absolutely love it!!!!
Nice UI and very slick. Sweet.
Worked for three days. No mas.
I love this app, very simple and easy to navigate.
Looks good but doesnt work right. Screen splits and need more features like multiple email and setting controls. Previous ap better, now stuck with new not working right. Please fix from a long time user. Problem on iPad. Think Droid cell is ok.
Good app no problems 5 stars :)
Great app
Yahoo is always goofy! That is why most criminals scam off of yahoo customers! A OS system that is criminal friendly!!!!
It is a good app and I love it is very good to have and to check you mail so yes it is a good app
Great app it opens right up to your emails which my other yahoo app went straight to current events and news. It allows u to see more emails at once instead of only 15 at a time.
Good/clean interface, fast loading (even on 3G network) and easy to use/ manage.  How about an iPad version please ?
This app is so awesome I love it
This app constantly crashes and the only way I have found to fix it is to completely remove it and reinstall it. It would be a great production app if it would work without crashing and freezing my phone.
It works perfectly ✌
This is a great move forward in Yahoo! Apps.  I love the clean look and better yet is its responsiveness.
This app was good but since I updated my Yahoo app a few days ago my Yahoo Mail app no longer works. It starts to load and then crashes.
Great
Easy &amp; safe to use
App will not start after several reboots. Long time yahoo mail user but might move my service away if more compelling and functional solution cannot be found. I recommend ymail folks stick to safari and other browsers if they still believe in Yahoo! until you hear this app works again or make the switch.
It has given me two copies of each of my folders. Plus, wheres the calendar?
Perfect App Comes In Handy.
Cant get the darned thing to open and if it does open it works quite well. There are still bugs in this app!!
There seems to be no way to turn off the incoming mail sound. It drives me crazy at night
Hate it, slow, shows yesterdays deleted mail, make the other way I check my mail not work, hate it hate it hate it
It work fine until a few days ago and would not open up I did it 12 times and it still didnt open so sorry it has to go
Its a perfect app for yahoo account users. It has all the features and full interface of yahoo mail when opened from safari.
Where are my folders?  Am I missing them?  Love how I can delete but would like to move to folders. How about check all?  We would be 100 percent. Maybe the operator....:)
Much better than the mail app that comes with the iPhone. Easier and more simple to use.
Slow to check/download. Virtually forced to download the app because Yahoo put a lameass "Download the App" ad that popped up EVERY EFFING TIME I refreshed the browser. Downgrade from the browser based version.
does not reload at all!
Works for my needs.
I must be using a different app than everyone else, because my Yahoo Mail app is completely and totally useless. Sometimes it opens, sometimes it doesnt, and when it does, it takes forever to download new messages. I took it off my iPhone 5 because it is such a pain in the butt.
It doesnt even open!! My mail app doesnt work and neither does this app. Every time I open it, the app force closes.  Ive deleted it and tried to download it again several times... Same results. Worthless.
Like the notifications being sent toy phone but would be great if you could set it to only notify you if they were in your contacts. Would avoid all the spam
Worked great on day one but now the app crashes when I try to reply to emails. Hopefully v2 fixes the bug.
This app has some nice features but you cant print using iOS . That feature needs to be added for this app to be useful.
Works fine on iPhone
Its a great app. Just please fix all the freaking bugs on this.  Crashes every 5 mins. Deleting messages takes forever. And my folders are inactive at times.
This is good yahoo.../ nice come back with the iPhone app for ymail!!
slow to load, missing folder...  Really inferior product
A lot better and faster than apples mail! Love it!
This is what I wanted all this while, thanks to yahoo.
Gr8 app. Would be more cool if all could be able to select a theme background as in the web version
Very happy with improvements!
I think this app is great, however there is no way to turn off the notifications. I dont want my phone buzzing or vibrating every time I get a new email. Because of this I am not sure I will keep it.
Works great, updates badge properly, keeps my folder notifications in order, its smooth and fast.  I sent them a problem I had with the way it notifies you how many unread emails it displays, problem fixed two days later.  Its the perfect app for yahoo email.
The edit function needs to be better, I dont like opening my mail before being allowed to delete junk!!
It sends all my inbox to the trash
The app barely works . It crashes all the time. So its completely useless now
Love this one easy to check mail!!
I love this app!!!! Lets you know of new emails IMMEDIATELY!!!! Great app.
Its good if you dont have a computer a laptop in reach or near you. But I had to uninstall it then reinstall it. Because it wouldnt open it kept on closing by itself. Please fix that issue and other problems what other people are having with this app.
Its great
If I open emails from my computer. Not the app my emails on the app shows they are read but the app itself shows I still have unread emails.  Very frustrating
Great
I dont like how I get alerts from my email at all times of the night
Great I live it &lt;3
Will make it 5 stars when you add multiple accounts
Like the app!! But cant get it to open.
Now if you could have multiple email accounts then it would be great
Nice app
I might just wind up using this app over iPhone mail for yahoo clean smooth operation way to go on this one yahoo.
This is far cry from the last app. Much improved. Still a few glitches but much much better. Thanks yahoo
Like much of it but how can I turn off it notifying me EVERY time I get an email? Its driving me crazy!
Awesome!!!
This app is awesome!
It works great get it
The best
I do like this version of the app better than the full version that has links to news and such. One request is to add the ability like the other one has to check external email accounts. I do like how this one also opens web links in safari and not the yahoo browser as the other one does.
PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE ANYTHING ABOUT THIS APP. Basic is better!! Smooth and clean! Thank you!
I really love this app from yahoo, beautiful interface and nice design layout.
I really love this email app
fast and simple solution to avoid IMAP setup in your iPhone settings
Excellent updated app. I love it.
Ive been waiting for this app for awhile. Its extremely easy to use and it has a spam option, which is great. Also, it gets rid of having to go through the Yahoo! App to get your mail :D
Clunky, compared to the mail app that comes with my iPhone. No need for it.
App started out good but now fails to load 9 out of 10 times. Desperately needs an update.
Love this app
I installed on my iPhone and Im happy.
Liked it
I love yahoo... And this app just make it more lovable.
This app is really amazing :) I dont know what I would do with out it
Worked great for a few days - a really nice app - then stopped working entirely. Splash screen, then crash. Every time. My guess is that its a single problem that will be fixed...soon...?
This is a nice app for yahoo. Good way to control spam.
Looks pretty nice but I cant get to my folders and since I use Other Inbox to send some mail straight to folders I really need that.
It needs the ability to store multiple accounts. Also there is a bug that keeps the 1 displayed on the icon.
Great iteration on past app. Behaves much faster. Two things from keeping it 5 stars. 1) stop with all the purple already. Use blues/blacks on white. Easier to read and not so feminine. 2) unable to open zip files. Can you imagine being able to open and view zip files without crashing. Heck you would be top ten app if you could preview the adobe suite of files with zipped folders.
This app appears to be better than the prior version which did nothing but error out with nonsense messages. So far so good. Yahoo! needs to get better at mail service.
So far okay but I wish I can access to all my yahoo mail accounts at once I would be sold!!!!
It needs more work
Superb!
Love this app! My mail comes right through right away. Easy to respond!!!
Great app
Horrendously slow!
Awesome app!!!
No better mail client available !
This app works great and is very fast. The only thing I would like to see is the ability to change the notification sound. Its a 5 star app if thats available.
Looks good\u2014clean, attractive, highly functional GUI with some sweet new swiping moves for various actions such as deleting, starring, flagging etc. Needs much better folder/subfolder support; current main view is broken since folder names obscured. New purple-dominant look is nice but it would be better if color were made an *option* that users could adjust in preferences/settings so that we could opt for different color schemes.
Excellent!  Thanks!!!
Sure would like to be able to choose the send from account like on the web version.  Please make it happen
Id like to know if this app uses SSL. Like the mobile web version, every time I tap the trash icon to delete trash or spam the trash or spam folder opens. Why?? Why doesnt Yahoo! Mail sync as easily as Gmail and Apple?
Need to be able to download .mp4 files like native iOS mail app. Also, it would be better to save all attachments like pictures at the SAME time and not clicking on each one individually. Much better than before I must say.
Just what I wanted and needed! It is now easy to keep a check &amp; compose mail via my iPhone!
I Have to download the app more them millions times because it keep crash all the time, I was unable to check my emails, I have yahoo and I will love see all my emails in one app. Please fix the problems, bugs..etc. and also what about to assign a alert sound. Very dissatisfied with the app, hope your guys can fix the app as soon is posible.
Still not sure how to create new folders from this app. Other then that the app is great
Cool interface
I got this app when i changed my password on yahoo! and my phone refused to accept it. Argh! This app works fine but it would be nice if there was some way to change the notification sound. I like the traditional apple notification but this on will only do the tri-tone.
I love Yahoo and this app makes it so much easier to use!
Good for you
Always locking up
Senna to work pretty decent!
I like it! Super easy to use!
Love it great app
Love it so far!
This app is horrible, I have never downloaded an app that has this much trouble. I will not use this anymore, Ill use my gmail or hotmail.
I loaded two weeks ago... Notifications tell me I have emails, when I check theres nothing new. Then check on line and there they are... Is it me? Its useless to me.
Finally Yahoo did something right.
Like landscape mode! Need to be able to filter notifications more. Would like to only receive notifications from a select few contact instead of all email.
The app looks good and functions however there are a few bugs. There are double of each one of my folders in the side menu and there is an email that I am unable to delete. Also the app crashes every time I try to put an email into a folder. All this is on my iPhone 4S
My concer is the notification system.. Any would be appreciated. Other than that its all good!
Wont download any of my messages.
This simple, fast and easily navigable app is just what the doctor ordered for my 4s. Thanks folks, great job...!!!
The app seems great and simple but lacks the ability to add/remove folders. I  like to keep certain emails but hate seeing my inbox jammed with older emails. I like to say organized with (family, work, personal,etc.) email folders so if that could come as an update, that would make me give it 5 stars!!!
This is a great app, gets me caught  up!
The app makes it easy for me to quickly  check yahoo emails

Fast. Simple.
LUV this app! Its easy to use and smooth. I highly recommend! My only problem us that Im such a yahoo fan that I have more than one yahoo email address.  Im limited to one address for the app. Now if yahoo can resolve this dilemma Id give them an ENTHUSIASTIC 5 gold stars!!!!!
This is what a phone mail app should be, simple. I like that handling each item has the minimum amount of taps. Its easier to use than the gmail app.
This app is a step backwards from the mobile yahoo mail site. This app no longer lets you check external email associated with your yahoo account. The option is gone. This app also doesnt allow you to select the "from" field like the mobile site allowed. These were 2 useful features when using your yahoo account with a business and pop   Account all in one place.
Overall it gets job done but a lot of errors.
Please! Add push notifications!
Finally! And it also looks nice. Yahoo should add multiple accounts feature. Some of us has multiple accounts, you know.. 😬
Like
My mailbox say I have 2 unread emails and when I check it says none.
Installed the app but it wont even open. Updated iOS and installed again and it still wont open.
The app will not open mp4 attachments. Worthless.
It is just too slow. The Mail App already on the iPhone is better, faster and more reliable. The App does work, just not hard enough to impress
Nice love it work good and runs fast u can do so much more
If you have anything but a standard yahoo email account dont bother. It works great for my personal Acount but cant access my business account. Which is my primary email address now. Would be much better and more useful if you could use multiple accounts or even my business account I have through yahoo business.
Ugh cant access my folders like saved emails!!  Fix please!!!!  Other than that its great!!
The app isnt bad so far, but its missing the ability to edit your current email contacts.
I cant get to my Yahoo hosted "Domains" e-mail.
Pretty Good. Fast and easy &lt;3
Its a very good App, but where the iPads version?
Would have given 5-star for this app, but I dont know its only me or others too, you keep seeing the same mails over and over even though you delete them for like 10 times. Please come up with the bug fix!!
I like how everything is organized
It wont open anymore even after restarting iOS.  It sits on the purple screen then crashes.
It wont let me connect to my camera roll for some reason and there is no setting to access it and change it.
This has been the best few days of geting emails for the first time I couldnt have done it without you YAHOO!!!!
Just a month ago I downloaded this app for my iPhone. the app worked fine the first 2 weeks now I get notifications that I have an email, but when I try to open the app, it crashes! This needs to be fixed ASAP!
Very user friendly app still does the things I need
I cant use multiple accounts at once.
I was excited to see they made an app specifically for mail as it gets annoying using safari every time I want to check my mail. But now Ive only been able to open it a total of five times with it working, all of the other times it closes itself without me ever reading my inbox. Very disappointed!
This app worked perfectly @ first and it crashes every time I try to use it.
Thank you Yahoo! Great app.
Wow! Awesome to see a great App from yahoo.  Easy to use and fast on iPhone 5!!!
This works fine for me. Must have fixed the bugs.
👌
Its great. I love it!
Very nice, As usual yahoo always nice.
Excellent App. Yahoo put it all together for this app. I enjoy using it.
Cool app, what we were waiting for.
Very reliable and convenient app for me!
Disappointed at this app...it stopped loading after 1 week.
I hate google and have been using yahoo mail along with search. But the stand alone mail app. Is really nice and I think your company will see a increase in the market share from the untrustworthy Gmail! Sincerely, Fray Sherwood
An awesome app on my Iphone 5 download and manage your emails easier than ever before!!! Love it.
Excellent
Very good app. It is very helpful when marking emails for spam. Plus gives same interface like the web
It is way too hard to make adjustments on your account with this app.  I give it two stars because it deletes email better then the old one
Great new app....while it works and doesnt crash on me. I deleted and reinstalled and that seemed to work for a little while, until it started crashing again
Where are my custom folders?
There was a bug fix to resolve the move to folder feature. Ymail contacted me personally via social media and had me test the fix. Thank you ymail support for your promptness.
Thank you!!!
Went from gmail to yahoo and loved it. Now that the mobile app is available for the iPhone it makes it that much easier to manage and organize.
Best app yet!! Didnt like the others, love this one.
Its alright could use more features. like a better faster easier way to delete messages.
This is by far much nicer and easier to use. What a nice improvement.
Very very good
This is the most comprehensive mail app I have experienced.  I can manage all my email from one location
Everytime I try to set up app the page says your account has been locked..when I try to unlock account through app it says the page failed to load... Have to check mail through safari...
Hats off to Yahoo for delivering this nice clean app for ymail.
Maybe next century.
Like the app and started using on iPhone so I dont have to use phones email app. But when are you going to have an iPad version. That is the only reason why did not give 5 stars.
Shows that you have mail but when you open the app, it only then tries to get the mail. Frequently it fails and refuses to show you the mail that it insists you received.
Great. but I cant figure out how to get the news stories. But still WOW
Sent one email using ap. it sent it out 6 times. Every time I picked up a new wifi spot it sent it again. Deleted ap
Not Bad
Great and excellent keep it up
I really find it handy to have this app on my iPhone!
Cool
Nice app good ui, would be better if you could also mark unspam. UI allows you to mark Email to spam but You cannot Rebert it.
This is faster and for me is excellent
Nice Ap so far. Can you create folders though? I cant figure it out.
Works and looks well
Easy access to folders and mail.  Love it!
Awesome app. Use it every day.
The folders I created are missing.  The app is no good without them!
This new app fails to give me access to my custom mailboxes. I will delete it and continue to use IOS Mail.
Seems like that is a must-have for a mail app.
I want the font of the folders with unread email bold. Make it way easy to tell. It is that little thing you should start look out for... To make your app close to perfect :)
Nice interface. But you cant see all the folders. Can only see the standard ones, not the ones created by user. Also havent yet figured out how to disable notifications, have to check the settings again.
Very well laid out. Love it.
Nice aesthetics. Easy to use. Wish it had multiple account sign in with easy toggling like gmail.
Everything works as they said it would. Great job.
Simply not doing anything.
I think this a very good app and would suggest this app to other friends
I have had no trouble with app. No crashes, no lost mail. It has functioned as described. Only feature I wish Yahoo would add is for multiple email accounts.
The problem here is that there are no notification settings options. I dont necessarily need/want to know when I receive an email.
Best yahoo app yet
Its pretty cool!
I have multiple accounts and this would be nicer if I could have all associated on same app so I dont have to log in and out. Gmail app has that option, makes it very convenient to switch between accounts. And since my iPhone email isnt consistent with delivering my mail I have to resort to other apps.
Now I mark emails as spam!!!
Just needs to add access to my contact groups to receive 5 stars.
good
Awesome!
Well done app. Perfect integration with Yahoo, fully functional.
Love it I can go on my phone instead my computer
I like it.
Terrible ap.  freezes regularly, and wont let me send...receives fine (when it works), but wont send emails at all.
App normally functions well on my iPhone 5, but at least once a day it will lock up and crash.  Based off the inconsistency of this ap I give it 3 of 5
How can you change your password using this app? I cant remember my password to sign in my desktop
Im impressed, better than the average yahoo app, and almost as good as sparrow. Only thing I dont like is that it is too purple.
The app Is great :)
This app is nice, but every time I try to open it it takes at least 5 minutes for my mail to load and then when it does load the whole app crashes. Its just inconvenient and I think I am going to switch back over to the iPhone mail app. It just takes way too long to load!
This is fast and simple. Unfortunately a little too simple for me.  It doesnt check your external mail. I still use the app but very rarely.
Works exactly as advertised. Easy to use. Feels like the online version. Very satisfied.
This app really works for real
I wouldve given a better rating but lately it keeps crashing!-___- starts up the mail screen then crashes... Fix please!!
Im so happy yahoo finally released a mail app. Works great. Next hopefully they make one for my iPad.
The app is nice....when it loads. App loads about twice a day, the other 20 times I try to access email it wont open.
No worries at all
Its fast from apple app
This app is soo awsome cuz i can get to my mail faster!
My yahoo mail app will not open.
Love it
I am not impressed.
Love this app! I have hoped for a yahoo mail app and heres it is! Works amazingly! Way better than the standard iOS mail app! No problems, crashes, or anything else!
Makes getting through emails and writing we emails a breeze. App is also super quick!
I just got it but its nice
Could you make an app that actually works? Keep getting login failure, yet can login fine from my PC!
This app was terrific up until a day or two ago but now I just get the purple startup screen and then it kicks me out. If this gets fixed its worth getting, if not its worthless.
Only thing I do not like is the alert sound every time there is new mail , annoying
Why I cant watch attached video? Please fix it thnx!
wont pull down existing emails no privacy options or built in chat not even option to save owed. I use the web mail option via a desktop icon on iphone.
Love this app! Its really easy to negotiate! I had fun setting it up and using some of the creative choices!
Easy!!
It is exactly like using Yahoo! on any computer. I love it. Well done!
Finally the Yahoo Mail app is here. Great interface. Nice job Mayer!
Very nice app very user friendly
Wonderful App. Love it!
working just fine, no compaints.
Other than the notification bug. This is a solid mail app thats been long overdue from Yahoo!
Much better than previous version.
It rarely launches and is very frustrating to say the least... Hoping for a fix soon.
Great app...but please include option to link multiple yahoo emaim accounts.
The first issue I have is that the screen is customized for mobile devices and not the iPad.  How hard can it be to design it for both?  Second, it fails to find all the email I have stored in my other folders.  Seems like a pretty fundamental function to at least find and show whats there.  So I deleted it and will just stick with the apple email app.
Good app overall, but access to Yahoo Small Business email would be great.
This version is terrible. More often than not the App crashes. Really irritating, hope they fix it soon
I was unable to check my yahoo business mail inbox.
Very good for who has yahoo mail
I really like this app. I dont have to pull my hair out, to use it.
Works good!
I love  this app it is easier then typing it in search on your  iPhone;)😊
Push notifications stopped working for Yahoo mail on my iPhone 5, so I installed this app. Its very nice. The only issue so far is that I cannot configure the notification sound for new  Yahoo emails. It doesnt even use the standard mail notification sound. With the ability to set this, I think this app would be 5 stars!
This is an awesome app I love it :)
This app worked fine when I first downloaded it; now it keeps crashing! I cant even get to my email now. Im going to go back and use the email that comes with the phone. Very disappointed! 👎
I spend more time stalled with this app than having it function correctly.  This is my second time around with it and my final.  You so need to get this right though soon.
Glad we finally have this app for iPhone and hope iPad gets it soon too!!!! Works great
I like an easy way to check my email. This app is poor with email management and delete. It needs an "empty the trash" and "spam" feature.
Tried this for three weeks and it still crashes without opening the app. Thought recent update would help but no difference. Stay with Safari!
It would be helpful if the search option is made available.
AWSOME app!
Fast and responsive. So far so good. Need multi account support though.
I would recommend this app to my friends.
The application has worked well with me without crashing but I noticed that theres no way of creating folders with the app.
Good app the syncing is better than the stock Apple mail app. However, there is no print email or attachment option.
Its good
Is a decent app, need a little more detail work with the folders (edit, delete, add folders etc).
Very good application, easy to use
When youre getting bombarded with hundreds of junk email this is the app for you. Erase all spam and everything you want with just one touch. Beats doing it the normal way on the phone.
I was trying to set up additional account  , but app doesnt send emails with different sending name, as it was configured in desktop web mail. Gmail does this without problems.
Everything is great with the exception of a select all checkbox so that you can delete all your spam and trash in one shot...
Love it
Its quick and easy, love it.
Without Calendar, this really does me very little good.  With a working calendar, Id rate this four or five stars.
This app stinks takes forever to load and the crashes all the time please fix it
Great simple app. Pretty responsive, would be even better if they make one for the iPad itself. Which is what device I have this app installed on. Better than the mobile ver on the browser, because I can actually send attachments. Thank you, Yahoo! And I dont have duplications of folders on mine like how some people have mentioned.
Title says it all. I hate Yahoo.
Recent upgrade made this mail app excellent.
Update fixed crash issue. Smooth interface. 😎👍
Nice and fast, I have all my folders, no bugs (iPhone 5, 6.0.1 iOS). But the lack of multi-account support makes it not useful for now. Hence the 3 stars.
This app has everything you could ask for out of a proprietary mail app. It definitely has a leg up on the generic Yahoo! App that was just plugging you through to the mobile site. A significant upgrade, well worth the download.
cannot believe I went so long with out it  Great job
I have to delete this app because I cant find a way to turn off the notifications. I get too much spam to have the notifications going off all the time. Disappointing.
Ver 1.02 crashes (3xin 3 days) occasionally when drafts are edited., and poss other instances. Also, no settings for alert tones. Also when return to open email from safari, forces email update b4 deletion of email allowed. Biggest issue - yahoo provides no simple path to report bugs or crashes. Also- apple.yahoo interface for iPhone email app has been broken for a long time - known to apple, AT&amp;T and yahoo but no fix for months.  Arghh!!! Yahoo just doesnt care much about users.
Even better if I could customize the color scheme.
Like others, this app worked wonderfully at first. However, now it just launches and crashes, so Im back to checking my yahoo mail via safari. The app has a nice interface - it would be great if it consistently worked.
A little confusing at first but once you get the feel of surfing; you can easy make your way through any area you want to view.
I love this application is simple and easy to use.
I truly have to say I am impressed, finally, great job Yahoo!
This app rlly needs filters so I can read my unread mail.!
It shows 3 in my inbox, but cant open. Needs improvement
Looks like todays update resolved the crashing issues.
Super easy to use and great tool!  Really need to let users add new folders to store messages...
Its fluid on iOS 6! Get it!!!!
I downloaded this app but the app crashes every time before it even opens . I deleted and re downloaded the app and still nothing. Wish I could see it!
Very modern look.
Thank you, thank you Devs for yesterdays (1/10) update!!!  Thought I was going crazy! The app was working great until just a few days ago.  I couldnt even get into the app, it would immediately close up.
On Sunday this app worked fine. Now its Monday and it wont load. Crashes everytime. Please fix or I am done with this app!
Simple and Slick.
Ok
The app doesnt open and crashes :/
:)
It opened 3-4 times now crashes every time I try to open it fix it please!!!!!!!!!
.
.
:)
I like it very much
IT GETS DA JOB DONE!
Its very nice on the eyes and functions well, BUT! Cant open any attachments: Photos, PDFs....etc........perfect if it had integration into iPhone kernel!!

A+
LOVE IT
:)
A+
O
This powerful. Do powerful that Apple must not try to compete with this monster of a company called YAHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Finally I get notifications, it only took months but well worth it. Thanks yahoo
NO VIDEO. NOT PLEASED.
1/26/13 -LOVE IT! BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED &amp;&amp; PERFECTLY FUNCTIONALLY. ALTHOUGH I JUST DOWNLOADED IT. I WILL KEEP YOU UPDATED :)
Nice program with nice features
Recommend this app.
Yahoo has done it again! This mail app takes out a lot if the little annoying feature you cant do in the iOS mail. Very smooth interface and well thought out. Keep it up Yahoo.
been using it for years and havent had a problem
Worst app ever I rather go through google to get toy mail,this friggen freezes so bad I wanna throw something
Will not even load. Click the app, splash screen appears, and app abruptly exits! Silly I have to give it at least one star to rate it. Not even worth the one star if the app doesnt even work at all.
Sick and tired of the new mail notifications popping up whenever. No way to turn it off. App DELETED!
Crash easily. Not usable.
Best app ever i use everyday thanks.
tanks
Some updates are needed (great points are made below about them), but this is a big step forward from what we had before.
Easy to get to my mail. Like this
Not happy with the performance of this app. Hopefully it gets better.
I like it.
It is just like the desktop e mail it is great and a must have application
Love the app but I cant even open it anymore and I need to check my mail when Im away from the computer please fix this!!
It needs more creative and fix the bugs also and more better stuff on it
Thank You Yahoo!!! Finally a direct yahoo mail App!!!
Is good , there is no search in your app
I Can Read All My Messages
Great way to check my mail from anywhere
Luv the interface, especially the slide to see files!
Yahoo your company is named right (YAHOO) the apps are getting better
Love this app ty yahoo!
Be even Better if theres a way to sign into multiple mail accounts.  I havent found that feature; so if yahoo doesnt have it on this App they need to add it.
Dont understand the probs people are reporting here. This app works fine. People send me mail, I open and sometimes I write back. Works.
Fabulous!!! Couldnt ask for more :)
Love the quick triage functionality.
Really good but would be perfect if you could switch between multiple accounts without having to log out and log back in.
Very good!
Would be awesome with multiple account support
It wont allow me to open videos?
It way more easy to read then iPhone mail.  And I can separate accounts easier
What i like is that the app has the select all option. It makes my life much easier since I received a lot of junk email. But the new email number shown besides "inbox" is hardly correct. Plus, it is sort of slow to connect the mail server. I am not sure that is because of the app or the server.
Awesome app. I dont have to check each individual message to delete. I can delete all with one click! Way better than the mail app on iPhone. I def recommend this app!
Amazing, AMAZING!
Previous Yahoo! app was painfully slow.  New dedicated mail app is MUCH improved.
It use to work fine but now when I try to reply to an email the app just closes. Its starting to get annoying and I dont know who to complain/report it to!
I had to redo this review because it took awhile for the sub folders to show up, but once they did it works great.It still seems redundant to have a separate mail app.
Great app its great to keep in touch with my loved ones
Works OK for a couple of weeks, then wont open. The only fix is to remove and reinstall. (Currently on my third install.)
This app is awesome especially when the iOS mail app push notifications get all wacky. Please, please make am iPad app.
I have a yahoo email but I mainly use the custom email I have through Yahoo! But the app will not let me access it even when I sign in under that account. Was very excited this app came out but now am pretty disappointed.
Well done yahoo!
Its so simple to use! Everything is there at your hands very simple and asssecible !!
Was great app for first month I had it now it just crashes. Please fix it!
Five stars
Alot of room for improvement but is very much usable. Smooth UI and overall nice feeling while using it.
I was excited about this app and quickly downloaded it, but realized it was pointless when it couldnt open the  emails attachments
This app is great It works better that the computer
Overall works great, similar to iPhone mail app I am accustomed to.
App seemed to work fine initially.... Now many problems...bummer
Minimal
Need to program the app so I can switch between the disposable Yahoo mail accounts like on the mobile web page!
Attachments are always failing to open, audio attachments are what I receive most often but I have to open the apple mail app just to download my attachments. Other than that I like the app.
The update fixed my issue with notifications.  This app is a keeper for sure, great interface to yahoo mail.
Its ok, I almost confused the spam icon w the trash icon though, &amp; most annoying is the push notification.  How do I turn that off??
I like many have multiple accounts and it shame I cant switch account easy. iOS mail app let me see this account. The lack of iPad support is shame is not there. On the plus side it does look nice and UI Look simple to use.
Its ok. Nothing special
Excellent mail app from yahoo! I loved it. Much simple to use.
Very well done!
Totally awesome!!
I love this new yahoo app for iPhones , its way better
This is an awesome app
This is a great app but it could use some work.
Good
I got this app cause i was frustrated with the original mail service provided by Apple. This works great, sync fast, has all the features available on web version. Great job Yahoo!
This is a great app!
Loved it at first until I figured out that I couldnt get calendar notifications. They come over as unreadable info. Hate to delete it, but I must since I cant get any support on the issue.
Contacts never load and wont allow you to exit afterward.  Inability to compose email from multiple accounts.
Pretty good; at least its better than the last version!
And no photos smart folder :/:/
Ughhhh... The app keeps crashing!! Its so annoying!!!
I was deleting all trash emails and it deleted my all important inbox mails...
The delays between actions are a tad too long
U. Guys need to make this work on iPad works really good just wish the notification tones wasnt so corny
Pure Perfection
This app wont even load mail, even with a strong wifi connection!! How did it take so long to create when it doesnt work??
ahhhh.... i want to be able to add attachment, and i would like to add more than one attachement. and get on it and get a calendar app for iOS, andriod, &amp; the windows store!! i would also like to be able to go between all my yahoo mail accounts!! thank you.
Nice Console..!!
I use several emails, would be nice to have em all in the same app. Like the standard Mail app.
This app is much better than the standard iPhone mail app, however I have two Yahoo! accounts and it would be a five-star app if you could log in to multiple accounts at once. This is the only problem Ive encountered with this app so far!
The updates are great! Very intuitive app. Better than gmail.
Easy to use, easy to personalize
Is not as good as should be it does not let you do attachment or open new folders
Just installed the app and its very well developed and designed
8 out of 10 times the app wont open. It opens to the main screen with the Yahoo logo, but then closes. I have to us the Web to check my mail.
Contacts did not transfer from web
The bug is still there. When I try to delete my spam mail by the bunch, the app crashes and it exits. Please fix this bug soon. iPad version would be good too.
This would be a solid mail app if it wasnt for the bugs. It notifies you of mail faster than yahoo messenger, and has an easy to use interface. Unfortunately, it often crashes when loading and sends duplicates of the same email, sometimes repeatedly until the app is shut down and restarted again.  Ive had to use it for an email alert to supplement apples installed mail software because it is too unreliable to be used on its own. I have just uninstalled and am reinstalling the app to see if the problems improve. Its too bad - this has the potential to be a solid little mail app if the developers can address the crashing and multiple mail problems.
Pl see how u can improve it more.  Tx
This app is so easy to use.  I love its clean and organized look.
Its great now I keep my personal email and work email in 2 different apps.  My only complaint is that you cant print in the yahoo app. You can print from the stock iPhone app.
Some bugs that need to be fixed but OK so far!!!!
Will not show my old mail or mail in trash even though its there!
Great application. Long overdue for Yahoo but works like a charm. I wish it would allow filtering unread/read mail.
Bad
App used to be good but now it wont even open
This app is very amazing. It isnt slow its very fast to download all your new mail get this app instead of going on the Internet
Overall, its a very good app to use on iPhone. Pls dont compare this with full desktop version of yahoo mail.
This app is far greater than it used to be. A lot more options such as swipe and ease of use. Its almost a 5 star. I just need to be able to access more than one yahoo account at a time. It would be a lot easier. If Im just not finding that option than my bad, its five stars ;-)
See title.  Its sad that the app is listed for iPad compatibility and doesnt do full screen on an iPad.
I like this app a lot. Simple to use. I wish it would let you do multiple e-mail accounts though.
I just downloaded and am pleasantly surprised. Much better interface than the generic mail app I have been using.
Nice job with this app and the new yahoo! Mail web interface!  Marissa Mayer, you and your companys hard work is starting to show!
Cant add or rename folders. Wth yahoo? Get back on the leading edge whydontcha.
So whats so special bout this?
Rock solid app. Whatevs, dude. Whatevs.
Works like its supposed to...
This app is way better than before. Capabilities are nicer and easier to use. It doesnt feel like your going online to yahoo, and then to mail. It actually feels like your using the app! Great job yahoo!
App crashes regularly...I have turned off notifications in my phones settings but it still gives banner alerts.
I love the app. It makes your email easier to use then the mail app. I can do more thing with this app involving my mail and messaging. You have to sports, finances and many others. Its great app to use.
Easy to use
Tried the app, but annoyingly, safari requires fewer keystrokes for regular actions.  Deleted app and went back to Safari.
A much better improvement from the latest version.  The purple background is fantastic - mysterious and sophisticated
Helps me stay in touch with my loved ones!
Great app. Helps me check my email when my phone is being stupid. Keep up the good work Yahoo!.
Ive had this app two times now, and Im going to delete it again... It only loads part of the time. When it does work, it is a good app. Right now it is not worth the time trying to get it to load.
This app Is awesome
This app is really better than when u go online really.it ha a more crisp clear view of things, and for me I can zoom in and see things that u couldnt really see in the computer .so fo sho get this its cool.
Has some more useful features than native mail through the iPhone.  I like the notifications on the screen saver.  Also, the interface is nice and clean and easy to use.
Im going to give it a try! I really depend on my yahoo mail/calendar. If it doesnt work, Im just going to use my iPhone mail. So far so good👍
This all is great, when it works. It will work for about a day then crash constantly. Only solution is to delete the app then download it again. Very disappointing.
The app gives you many more options than using the iPhone standard mail option. It a acts and looks like regular Yahoo web mail. It is very easy to use.  Also makes a a great companion if you need your work email as your regular iPhone email. This is a perfect way to guarantee your work and personal email remain separated.
Awesome
This app is much better than yahoo mobile if you only want to get to your mail. Its much more accessible and easier to you. Five stars for Yahoo!
Great app. Much better than the the apple mail app.
This app is useless to me because I use yahoo to pull all my email from other accounts as well (such as gmail, my work, etc), and those emails never get retrieved by this app. Ive had to revert to using web access to yahoo on my iPhone, which has a "check external" option.
I love the look, feel and functionality of the app when it works....but lately its been crashing every time I open it. Please fix it!!!!
It wont load. Im going to delete it. Come on guys!! Update!!
Excellent mail app, what an email app should look and feel like. Havent had an issues that other customers have reported, so it gets 5 stars from me. Great work Yahoo, great work indeed.
Keeps on crashing, not reliable
Works good just wish I could create folders to store emails with the app and not have to do it on my computer.
Hate this. Yahoo, Im about to change to gmail.
I like how clean and simple it makes the mailbox...there is one feature that i miss from my iPhone mailbox and that is the ability to flag emails (and a separate folder that holds into my flagged items flagged items).
Thank you for this; it makes life a lot easier.
Looks awesome, works perfectly.
Would of been a 5 star.
This app is super fast, even over a cellular connection. The default settings are sane and easy to change. Thank you, Yahoo, for finally producing this app. Its been a long wait.
Great looking app, but its worthless if I cant see or use my custom folders which are helped maintained by OIB. I can only see two folders.
It helped me
The Yahoo Mail ap is CRAP!!!. There is no ability to edit your contacts. How ridiculous....doesnt even deserve one star
this app used to work fine until the last update, now its horrible! bring back the previous version please!
The phone vibrates every time a new e-mail comes in and there is no way to turn that feature off.  Please fix this!
Nice
Awesome!
This is so fun u can be social
This is a great app. It meets all needs at this time. Just wish it would work on the iPad. Still having to access mail using web browser on the iPad.
This app is worth it if only for finally giving me the means to delete all the trash email in one tap. Sadly lacking from the iOS native email app for Yahoo. Five stars for that alone.
Great app
Cant figure out how to send pics
This app is very nice works really well! It would be even better if I could Change the alert tone.
Like it better than the apple mail app that comes with the iPhone.
I like it, faster than the built in mail app. Be nice in future updates to support multiple accounts easier.
Its great app
Original mail program is a lot smoother and dont have to hit trash button then hit ok to delete it again... Uninstalled...
The app is very slow and takes for ever to everything
😍 😍 😍 😍
put a passcode in the app pls ...
Latest version works like a charm. Solid mail app.
Works great in every way.
I love new interface and access to other Yahoo apps. Works great for me.
Really annoying.
Fairly good app. No major complaints. It does tend to crash occasionally. Its also a bit weird, but despite silencing the alert tones for incoming emails, it will continue to sound the alert randomly when the ringer is on.  But despite this, I enjoy the app and improvement over the mobile web version of yahoo email.
Its back and working thanx, now please keep improving the app!
Nice app. It has all is needed. I like the notifications and also the easyness to delete or archive. However, is for only one account. To check another account you have to logout.  Guess I still need apples native mail app :(
I like the App, just wish it would open. Tried 6 times and it just closes down. When I can get it open I like it, but its not much use if I cant get to my mail.
So far it hasnt crashed for me but all my folders are listed twice. Please fix!
Very cool
Best...
This ap is so much better than the iPhone mail system for yahoo. Thank goodness that getting my yahoo mail is easy again.
I dont like it. It was changed from my other e-mail without my permission, It wont let me stop the email alert I have no control over this app. This is the third time I have written this review the first two times it would not let me choose a star. Actually I wouldve rated it with a zero. It doesnt give any indication that the e-mail went through. The settings option is a joke!
It is accessiblle, easily the best browser Ive ever used. Thank you, Beej
Convenient and great!
App works great so far but concerned about all the crash issues other reviewers have mentioned. The new mail sound can be turned off if you go to your iPhone settings &gt; notifications &gt; yahoo mail &gt; sounds
Crashes daily and have to shut down the phone and reinstall.
Please, for the love of God, get an iPad app.
This app is fast, easy to use, and great looking! I almost love it. However, I have multiple accounts and I use them all frequently, and this app cant handle them simultaneously. I have to sign in/out of each one individually and for me that negates any advantage this app has over Apples native Mail app. Ill keep it on my phone for they rare times I cant do something within Mail, as its more convenient than logging in in the browser, but I doubt itll get much daily use from me until this feature is added.
I bought this app so I could check my email without having to get on my computer and I think its great. Its simple and easy to use.
Incredible
I have the 4s with 6.1 os.  It crashes immediately on open
Finally a yahoo mail app thats visually stunning and very stable
Ive been waiting on this for a long time!
I love the app. Has lot of options that native app doesnt have.
Love it it works great and I get all my emails at the touch of a button
Awesome app!! Love it !!!!!
Works great &amp; its so easy
It was great in the beginning but doesnt work anymore!!!
Worked great at first. Now crashes ALL the time. Hopefully a new update will fix the problem.
Very good
This is a really clean and easy to use App. I will use this address much more now that access is this easy!
Very good app
Nice app. Works well
Easy to use and no bug, good little app
This app use to work great, now it wont even load! I have to close the app several times before it works properly.
Thank you for allowing me to have a second email w/ease. I use this for work. Now I dont have to keep a Safari tab open.
This application is, quite frankly, wonderful. Its has an easy to use interface and has yet to truly disappoint in any truly significant way.
This is really great.
Nice job, easy to use...
good application
Dhgfthft
Finally they fix all the problems with the old yahoo app!
Its a good app, but wish you could you different amounts at the same time instead of having to login and out to get into other amounts.
This great app  I did not expect Yahoo is going to spend time on, it nice, smooth, responsive and professional in use. Thank u yahoo
Its awesome, because you can check your inboxes with the app, just like on the Internet. Straight to the point. :)
Like the layout of the inbox but can not turn off push settings. I really dont like being notified constantly that I have a new email.
Great if I need to just read my mail. Simple and to the point.
Great improvement.
Doubled up all my folders. No way to delete or create that I could find.
It needs a delete all button. Besides that its pretty good. Would rate four or five but needs better shortcuts for spam &amp; trash folders.
Huuu
Effing love it !!!
Good
App crashes every time I try to open it..👎👎👎👎👎
See above.
Can not limit the amount of emails on the phone.  Needs more settings.
It works great.  And much faster and more secure than the "old" web version.
This was done so well for the iPhone 5!!! Extremely impressed;) highly recommend to Anyone w/ a Yahoo account &amp; iPhone 5
You can view emails without even turning phone on.  Very nice design.
This app wont launch more often than it will. I like the layout when it does open, but incredibly frustrating to have to go back to the web-based bookmark to check my email.
Is very good i like the app.
The folders show up twice on the left hand nav
Best mail app. Before I got this app I had over 5000 unread messages because of Facebook and other crap.  This app allowed me to delete all of those a lot easier than on the computer and it sends me notifications when an important email comes in love this app
Dont like this app
Amazing App
I wish you could add another yahoo account on here if you had more than one yahoo email address. I dont like that you have to log out of one account to check another. So I give it 3 stars until they get this feature.
I cant access my photos or other docs like when I use Yahoo regularly on my phone. It should have messenger integrated instead of me having to log into another app!  Could be better formatted for SMS and Chatting while on mail, and needs a better mail search function.
Greaatt
Its good program he help me to do every thing in my mail
Have had no problems and the interface works just fine IMHO.
Except for getting notifications this app has no real advantage over the browser version. There seems to be no easy way to empty the trash or spam folders which the web does just fine.
Clean,fast. Huge improvements.
Great app it cuts my time in half. It keeps me up dated on all new email. I recommend this app to everyone!!!
Great
Was super excited for the app but now it never opens!  Please fix this or I am deleting
I was excited about yahoo mail for my iPhone for about a week until it now will not open at all! Had to go back to mixing it with my work email. Get it together!
Simple and easy to use and fast.
Works really good
I like the new Yahoo Mail App. It lets me review my email a lot easier. BUT, it keeps freezing up and shutting down when I try to reply to an email or forward an email.
This is a good app the only thing Id do different or add to it is the ability to add folders
smooth like a butter!!
Very useful and easy to use, user friendly! Recommend it...
The app worked fine for a while but now it crashes every time I try to open it. Also, it lists each of your folders twice.
No need to link your email to your smart phone. Use the Yahoo App
The best just got better.
Its ok, I just would like if you could silence the notifications because when it notifies me I think Im getting a text message. I dont set different sounds for everything because its too much going on!
The app has been out a day and my folders did not show up. I gave this app a rating of 2 stars and was immediately contacted by yahoo. They informed men of an update that would be done by the end of the day, and my issue was resolved!
Itll be better if it dont crash after reading a lot of messages but I like it
I really like this app is very easy use and make this is a  really good stuff.......thank you for making this app!!!!
Very nice.
Whoevers writing multiple accounts is right, it definitely needs to be able to access multiple accounts... Lets go Melissa, you can do it!
But the layout looks a little clustered.
Worked fine for the first night. Now it crashes every time I try to open the app. So frustrating.
This app is great if on yahoo .. Long overdue
This app constantly crashes. It had great features but the fact that it wont open negates all of that.
This application is awesome .I love it:
Ap is a bit unstable.  Takes time to retrieve new mail and crashes occasionally.  I expect more from Yahoo.
Useless for me until app shows the folders. I dont understand how a big IT firm like yahoo releases its app without basic options.!!
Love the simplicity of the app. Definitely much much better than the native email app on iPhone!!
heralds the arrival of messages never deposited in the inbox
Good
Makes my life a whole lot easier!
Great when it works. Crashes more than 90% of the time.
Nicely done
The notifications for emails come through but the app hasnt opened in days. Thinking about deleting and reinstalling. If that doesnt work its back to safari I guess
Go to settings then notifications and then select this app in the list. U can turn "sounds" off, and that way, u can still get notifications of new emails as an alert or banner but without sound. I like this app, really user-friendly and intuitive.
It worked perfectly for a month and then when I clicked on the app it started to open and it went directly back to the app page.  I tried deleting it and downloading again but that didnt work either.  I love the app, just wished it worked.
I want to like this, but it never opens. Not "intermittent crashes," it just doesnt open. Im giving it until 1/31, then its gone.
No problems
Could have a few more features but its a lot better then the web or the standard import email options.
After tinkering around in the iPhone app, its great! I can quickly pull up email which is what I really need!
I like it but please support for Ipad!
Doesnt load messages
I cant print my email!!
Its really useful
I tried the app.  Dont like it.  Now how do I stop the pop-up ad for it that pops up every time I open YahooMail???
Cool
There is absolutely no function to mail app where you cant even access the folders of said mail client using their mail app. This app is as useful as having a remote control to your neighbors television
I turned off notifications but it still shows banner alerts. Very annoying. I tried uninstalling it and then reinstalling twice to turn off notifications, but it would not let me change the settings when I reinstalled it.
How to sort
It wont let me load earlier messages from may. I wish I could see those earlier messages, but it just says there was an error loading it.
Finally! Thank you Yahoo!
Easy to use. Awesome app!!
So far so good
I like this app. Just dont like not being able to add folders and things.
(Enough said) it keeps up with my mail really well i like it better than signing in all the time. Plus Im more of a gmail user but i still give people m yahoo for spam (which is separated from regular mail 😄)
Mail is easy to read and manage, except I cannot figure out how to create a new folder here.  Loading my mail from Safari was just as quick, so when I get short of memory, this will be one of the apps Ill have no problem deleting.
Not able to add an other yahoo account
This is not good !!!!!
I love the look and functionality. I hate the notifications of EVERY email received. Yahoo, we need an app update turning that feature OFF!
Gooooodd
I dont really care for it. You can only delete one at a time and there is no tab for pictures that I have saved from former or current email.
It is a good app but please fix the push notification.
Duplicate folders, slow, limited functionality.
Yahoo is doing an excellent job and it shows in the quality of the apps they are putting out.  They understand the users needs and make everyday online tasks easier for the user.
Randomly when I try to get into the app Ill get the purple screen that says yahoo mail and that stays for about 30-40 seconds then goes immediately back to my desktop.  This has been happening the past few days and I cannot use the app.  Very frustrating.  Been a yahoo mail user for 15 years and want the mobile iOS app to work!!
I cant log in. Same error message keep coming up
Love this new app from yahoo!
Been using it for about a day. Works much better than the general Yahoo app which would freeze and ask for password multiple time a day. Cant believe it took this long to get email only app from Yahoo for iPhone.  Found one major issue. I deleted about 100 emails from the past week using my laptop, most of those are still showing up in app "inbox". Refreshed many times, signed out.....still there. Not a finished product yet:(
I wish it would let me get into my PAID account that is usually accessed thru my main account! Its good otherwise.
I like the app and it is much better than the mail app that comes with the phone. However I am confused on why I am not allowed to edit my contacts directly on the Yahoo mail app... Do i really need to go onto a computer to delete/edit contacts? It would be much better if I could do it on my phone. Also, why doesnt it give me the option to link my contacts on the app to my contacts book in my phone?
Great
Love the app.  Would like to see it support multiple yahoo mail accounts at once. Would give it 5 stars if it had that.
While I appreciate not having to go through Safari to get to my Yahoo Mail, this thing is a bit of a pain. Every time a message hits my Inbox, the phone rings. I cant find a way to turn off notifications.
Loved the new look!!
Better than native iphone mail app.
1.0.3 update still does not fix crash at splash screen at least for iPhone 5 running 6.0.2
Very nice app!!
This app is great for on the go. Very user friendly and easy to navigate
Ive been a yahoo user for more than a decade and will be as long as there is internet. Thanks Yahoo! Cheers!
Much easier to retrieve my email now then it was before.
Excellent app
I love the app. Very handy and useful. I only saw something that needs to be fix. Its a bit slow on loading new e-mails or updating the e-mail. Thats all. I hope you can fix it. Keep up the good work guys!
Im not too impressed. Yahoo opens up and wait awhile before viewing emails. Doesnt allow me to delete all, but few at a time. And the incoming mail doesnt seem filtered, too much junk mail.
Its an ok app the best email app Ive tried yet!
App worked for about two days, but now it refuses to even open. I liked it for the 48 hours that it did work.
App does not support multiple email accounts nor does a print option exist.  Core apple email supports both...back to apple I go!
Huge improvement over older mail version. I havent experienced any of the crashing that a few people are complaining about, far from it--its been rock solid so far. Its a clean interface, very intuitive. Im enjoying it so far both on iPhone and iPad.
The best ever
Every time Yahoo creates a mail app it work for a short time...then reality of incompetence.
This app is the worst app Ive ever used. Thank goodness its free.
Really great one
Thanks this is a great app, set up with bookmarks like fb so its easy to use! Now just stop posting dumb stuff on my yahoo home page like bebers new tat...? Who cares! ;)
Its ok but I cant erase my whole spam folder. I have to go through every flipping one!!!! Its supper annoying! And I have like 3,2?? Messages in my spam!!😡😠😡
I think this is so much better than the original mail app that Apple provided; more intuitive. I just think that there should be a way to change the color of the mail.
This App is a great move from yahoo :-)
The sound alert when you get new mail is annoying!! Wish there were a way to turn it off or put on vibrate!! Tired of hearing it all night every night from the living room. Im about to delete this app because of it! Other then that the app is good!
I love this app better than having to use safari to get to your yahoo account.
Worked fine the first few times, now it wont open.
Slow to launch. Not easy to navigate.
Ive been using the mobile browser version of yahoo mail for awhile now because the old app was so clunky. this app is smooth, easy to use and works great. Im using it on an iPhone 4 with the iOS 6
I like this app my only issue is Id like it to update faster after you open it. I get the alert saying have a new email but have to wait a bit for it to update before I see my new messages. Thats on wifi, 4g, or lte speed. Id think the alert telling me I have a new email would mean its there when I open the app. Please update the speed of the app.
Pretty worthless without the disposable addresses.
Great app can delete multiple emails at once and can trash all at one swipe.🙈🙉🙊
Your company would if the was easier for us to use thanks.
Nice layout. It only worked twice. Hasnt opened in three days!!! Keeps crashing.
Seriously dont know what the issue is with this app. Once open its nice, but no one will meet know if it never opens. I closed all my other apps to see if it is memory issue, still doesnt open. Restarted my phone, still doesnt open ...ufffff
Not bad. Expected more from yahoo.
Long time yahoo user. Ive been waiting for this app a long time. Initially I loved this app but now it never opens and often crashes. Very frustrating
Finally something to rely on
I just got the application. Is seem ok and much easier to access the mail. Thanks
I love that I dont have to log in each time it just opens
Very nice and smooth app. Also like having access to the spam filter. Only wish is the ability to sort by starred items from within the app vs having to go to the website.
Nice app. However, this is one of the slowest apps that I have ever used! 😔
No complaints whatsoever
First product from Yahoo! I have liked this much since the company invented the original homepage.
Without folders I will not use it. U even have the move email to folder in this app but no access to folders
Really helpful and awesome
Seems to work pretty well with my iphone 4.  Have no problems opening attachments and viewing emails.  Yahoo finally got their heads out of their arses and made a descent email application...finally.
I had older app versions, and this one is the best hands down. Easy to view &amp; work with. No complaints (yet).
Very convenient email app, but frequently there are emails that cannot be deleted. You must uninstall and reinstall the app to get rid of them and the little number notification icon. Also not fond of how it notifies you. I wish you could adjust it to only the number icon.
Works ok with the exception of SPAM emails that continue to come in. I mark them as SPAM and they come right back. For some reason I can delete emails at 5:00 pm and when I check it at 6:00 pm, I have a ton of junk email that says it came in way before 5:00 pm.
Handy little app..
I like the yahoo mail app due to the fact that I get my emails on time. Something the stock mail on my iPod fails to do!
Not sure why, but every time I try to write an email it force closes several times. I never had this problem before, and now its horrible!
Every time I click on the app to open it, it closes out. It also never erases my my messages after I erase them. Very annoying!
Just upgraded iOS and every time I clicked on my Yahoo app, which has been on my iPhone for a year, a screen came up telling me to download the Yahoo app. Really?! It WAS the app I was using. So- eventually I got tired of having to get past that screen every time I wanted to check email, so I downloaded the app again, deleted the identical one I had, and thought- how dumb. Why not make your app just keep working - no glitches- when a user simply upgrades an Apple iOS?
Why do i want this app instead of the standard apple mail app?  On first few uses, its fine, but i fail to see why i would want to use it instead of standard mail app. :p
Love it.
App keeps crashing.
I l-o-v-e it
Great app way better than what you get from ur phone......
OK app, but I would like it to be more full featured- need to be able to easily create folders and sub-folders.  Guess Im looking for a mobile Outlook style app
This app will not even open on my iPhone 4S.
good
Crashes almost every time I open it. Very frustrating.
I like it except for the fact it keeps freezing up on me and it wont empty my trash bin.
Great  pat
If you read the reviews online or just try it with an iPhone it doesnt work what-so-ever. Go ahead and check if you want...
Cant figure out how to turn off notifications. Annoying.
Very good app and most useful
Only one complaint so far. Folders containing unread messages should be displayed with bold type so that they are easy to identify.
I find it slow and can only set up only one account
Until I can access my external accounts this is pretty useless.
The app constantly crashes. And today I havent been able to open it once.
Ive tried countless time to shut off notifications and banners with no luck.   Im deleting this app.
Works like it should.
The app works fine...  After load, delete, and reload. It initially duplicated all of my email folders. The only "fix" I could find online was uninstall and reinstall. If not for this hassle, if have given 4 stars.
Yahoo doesnt ever get it right the first. .,, to X times.  Cant access my photos off the current app
Not compatible with iPad as it claims
I like it a lot, I just wish there was a "select all" command though.
very interesting and hera hour!
I was quite content with using the native iOS mail client to access my Yahoo mails but I have now switched that off and am using this app instead. This is by far the BEST way to manage my yahoo mails. Definitely rocks!
Good app but wish the sound could be shut off on in coming mail
While I love that I dont need to log into my email, and the ease of moving around the app, I am consistently frustrated with its consistent crashing.
Much easier to use.
What it says up there my old HTC incredible with this app was able to access more than one account at once, this is kind of a down grade as far as phones go. i phone 5
My favorite mail app ever, you guys did a great job.  I dont know how you do it, but ur team is amazing!
Satisfactory!
Great App!
Extremely satisfied with this app!:)
Easy to use and fast
Unable to access Notepad on mobile device.
this app is better than the stock mail app. this app is just so much better...PERIOD
It wont open!! It opened once and thats it!!! Fix please
What I have been waiting for!
I love this app so much cant stop using it
Cant delete emails and cant log out of mail. Dont hand for phone to someone you dont want in your email.
There are no folders here. That is useless.
I can talk to my Long distance gf with ease while Im out. Since her cellphone is broken
Thats useful :)
This app is the best for all yahoo mail people it is easy free and fun get this app
I would love this app if it open consistently. Most of the time it crashes! 😒
What about people with multiple accounts. Is getting old signing in and out every time. Gmail and even the stock mail app has that option, why not yahoo. Please! Make our lifes a little bit easier.
Does exactly what it says, light, fast, and consistent with the mobile webmail too.
It looks like this new app is the only way to access Yahoo Mail in iOS now. The older channels have stopped working.
I downloaded this app a few days ago and already, Ive had my account hacked on two occasions! &gt;_&lt;
It is pretty user friendly when it will open, but it rarely does.
Needs ability to create new folders before I will find this app useful. I like that the search function searches more than just the current folder. I like the ability to mark a message as Spam.
Does what I need it to do. No problems.
Works very well on iphone4
Worked fine for a week or so now wont open. #YahooFail -- posted that a few days ago. Nothing has changed. Still worthless crap.
Love receiving mail thru this app!!!
Very easy to use and looks great. Love the simplicity but Yahoo should add a multiple accounts tab because Im sure many People have multiple Yahoo accounts. It would be a lot easier to switch between accounts instead of signing in and out when you want to switch!
Was great and loved it. Now can not open it for about 2 weeks.  When will this be fixed would love to get it again. Now its taking up space so I am deleting it. Two starts just for how great it was.  Would be five if it was still functional.
This is a great app. Much better then using aol for e-mail.
I deleted the app for awhile after it kept closing but reinstalled it recently after the update &amp; theres no major problems- yet. As for notifications, I want to know when I get mail but you cant change the notify/alert sound, so my husband &amp; I get the same alert. Too confusing! Needs options for alert sounds like there used to be! Anyway, made a Google account after the crashing issue so I think Ill probably be switching everything over soon...
Dont like it doesnt show like the old email so ill just stay with the original one instead not worth it telling you guys!
Please fix the app so one can see all if the Subject of an email. Also, put a link so you can open attachments in various other programs instead of just air print.
It was easy to do and understand
Garbage not easy to use. Takes up whole screen for 3 emails in list. Classic was the better way that way you cold delete faster..... Dont download not worth the price(free)
For making this app! Love it! Way better than native email app and a significant improvement over mobile yahoo email website!
But it crashed
Like the title says, this mail client is very easy to use &amp; very clean looking 👍
This app worked good at first but then started crashing.. Now it crashes almost everytime I try to reply to an email :(
This is a good app.
Where are my mail folders?  I can move messages to them but I cannot view them at all.  Thumbs down!
Set up very nicely, although it would be better If you could log on to more than one account at a time like the Gmail app, Instead of having to sign out and sign in as a different user.
Great App.
Better than the Apple email app.
I like this application.
Works great on my iPod touch.
This app does everything youd expect. Would like yahoo to add the ability to silence (and not vibrate) the phone when a message comes in.
It opens sometimes, but most often it just sits on the purple Yahoo screen and then closes. When it works right, its awesome! Just doesnt happen very often.
This is by far the worst app Ive found yet. It crashes constantly and nothing helps. Ive hard reset it, uninstalled, reinstalled....  It works ok (slowly) for a few hours and then start crashing. Talk about a pita after typing an email or reply and losing it because the app wont stay open. Horrible.
I think its awesome I love it for my iPhone no problems at all, now I want it for my iPad 2 please make it for the iPad ;)
Address Includes Facebook contacts.  Cannot seem to find a way to reduce it to those I added there personally
Kept saying "authentication unavailable." But someone tweeted me back and figured it all out! Thanks Yahoo! I appreciate the level of customer service I received!
On iPad mini the 2X isnt clear. But I like the idea of the app.
Just what I needed. Works great on iOS6 and iPhone 5. Speedy and no issues. Great
The layout is smooth &amp; clear. Good job Yahoo!
App works great. No problems. Loads faster than accessing yahoo via safari. No crashes yet. To the rater who hates email notifications in the middle of the night: this is not an app problem. Go to settings to change the push notifications on your device.
Its about time yahoo got with the program! Theres one bug that bothers me such as notifications do not go away after emails are read or deleted. However, unlike a lot of others complaints, all of my folders are accessible via the menu at the top left. Needs a little work yet, but its MUCH preferred over the Safari version! Thumbs up from me!
The app loads but then quits after submitting account information. "Deleted"
I love it this is the best
This is the best email app ! Ever !
As with all yahoo services, this is top notch. I have little problems with this app and will enjoy the future improvements that yahoo will make to stay at the top of their game.
Should be a good app when the bugs are fixed. The visual display is pleasing, but phantom blank emails are sent when the app is opened, sometimes the app wont open and forwarded emails are sent up to five times.
I like everything but the lack of control over notifications.  I dont want to hear every time  I get spam.
Looks better than the iPhone mail app and receives mail ok but cant send for dome reason ?  Also says I have new email even after I have read and deleted all mail...will be five stars if/when these minor glitches are fixed.
It takes the confusion out of all m-boxes being in 1folder !
Went from the regular Email app on the iPhone to this. So far its one of my most used/productive apps. Best part, it was free!
Great App
Great app, very easy to use. Would like it even better if I could access more than one account at once instead of having to log off and then back on again. Or if it were possible to have two yahoo apps.
Nice addition to a string portfolio.
What an app, awesome
This application on my iPhone this happens Im crazy because I love to continue to improve this app really is a stick
It could handle more accounts
Tốt
No.1

Why cant choose from library?
Useful App
Good
Good
This is very nice app &amp; easy to use! I love Marisa Mayer! Keep up...

It would be better if users can attach files in any type than just photos only.
Join Together
I love it, very cool app. Thanks a lot.

Wait for long time
U should have this one on your phone!
.
Its a good app, able to send mail and have easy access to previously sent mails. Although there is no multiple account sign in when compared to the gmail app. Not laggy. Overall a good usable app
This App is great everybody needs it.
Great app the integrates with iPhone very handy
Gr8 app, but stil prefer the iPhone mail app
The app kept crashing often, the crashing got more and more frequent, now the app will not open at all!! Yahoo??...
What is going on? Cant open app these last couple of days.
Just would like an option in the settings to chose auto refresh mails when I open the app or manual refresh by pulling down. I like the options when you swipe  on the email. Nice
Great App, I like the fact that scrolling is smooth. How ever I would like it to play a mail sound not a message sound.
Love the app on iPhone.
Why make the window so small...?
Very nice app I like it user friendly
Im surprised no one mentioned that you cant attach files other than photos! Yahoo please fix this &amp; allow multiple attachments then it will be perfect!
